B AFANA BAFANA coach Shakes Mashaba&rsquo;s fate will be decided this coming Thursday.It&rsquo;s unfortunate how this whole debacle turned out for the worst. Mzansi and Mashaba should be celebrating the three points over a feisty Senegal team that&rsquo;s brimming with world superstars. But we are now in the boardroom deliberating over what could have been easily avoided.I don&rsquo;t want to repeat what other experts have said about issues of conduct and behaviour in the workplace. We all saw what happened after the Senegal game &ndash; where our angry national senior team coach threw his toys and verbally abused the media and his Safa bosses right in front of TV cameras.We all know what&rsquo;s expected of us by our employers: how we should carry ourselves on duty and out in the public. That topic has been widely covered and I won&rsquo;t be beating the same drum.During Thursday&rsquo;s meeting, and if I were Bra Shakes, I would quit and say a big thank you to Safa.I really don&rsquo;t see how the two parties will be able to continue with their relationship going forward.Mashaba was on to something with the 2018 World Cup qualifiers after two games in Group D. His next World Cup qualifier match was to have happened in almost a year&rsquo;s time &ndash; meaning he had all the time to sit, plot for opponents and enjoy his prolonged stay as Bafana coach. But one moment of madness seems to have spoilt it all. It was a classic case of: &ldquo;Those whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad.&rdquo;And now, as divorce lawyers would put it, the two parties have irreconcilable differences. One wonders what is the way forward. It is clear Mashaba can&rsquo;t handle the media and Safa have been looking to find a better coach after Bafana failed to qualify for the 2017 Afcon to be held in Gabon.If he doesn&rsquo;t resign, Mashaba will make it easy for the national association to dismiss him. He played into their hands and the damage has been done.And we all know that the search for the new coach has (already) started. Pitso Mosimane&rsquo;s name has been thrown in the hat, but I think the Mamelodi Sundowns&rsquo; mentor still wants to achieve a lot more with the Brazilians in the PSL and CAF competitions.Carlos Queiroz and Ruud Krol are available, and they understand Mzansi football.Krol left a legacy in the PSL &ndash; with Orlando Pirates &ndash; and supporters have been longing for his return to Mzansi. Till next week...hawwuuuweng banna!