BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic have faith in interim coaches John Maduka and Lehlohonolo Seema.The two former Phunya Sele Sele captains replaced head coach Serame Letsoaka, who resigned at the end of last month.Maduka and Seema will remain in charge as Celtic embark on a difficult trip to Tembisa&rsquo;s Makhulong Stadium, where they play fellow strugglers Highlands Park in a crunch Absa Premiership clash tonight (7.30pm).Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco confirmed yesterday that they had decided to retain Seema and Maduka: &ldquo;We have faith in them. They have been here for a long time and know what is needed. They have been in charge for three games, won one, drew one and lost the other. They deserve more time and will be in charge until further notice.&rdquo; Celtic&rsquo;s 2-1 home won over Baroka FC last week had obviously helped sway management.Celtic welcome back defender Alfred Ndengane from suspension, lining up at the back with Wandisile Letlabika, who has been impressive this season. Also a worry for Highlands will be crafty midfield kingpin Musa Nyatama.But Konco said Maduka and Seema were wary of Highlands, who were hammered 5-0 by Premiership champs Mamelodi Sundowns at the weekend. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re reading nothing into that game. Our coaches will focus on their 2-2 draw away to leaders Bidvest Wits recently, where Highlands showed tremendous fighting spirit. That loss to Sundowns was just one of those things.&ldquo;Highland are a good side, with the likes of Collins Mbesuma in attack and a top class keeper in Tapuwa Kapini. They also have a quality coach in Gordon Igesund. We know this won&rsquo;t be an easy game. They will want to bounce back, so we&rsquo;re expecting a tough night.&rdquo; Phuna Sele Sele are 13th with nine points from nine matches, while Highlands are 14th with seven points. Igesund&rsquo;s side have played a game more.Igesund admitted his charges were given a football lesson by Downs: &ldquo;We were beaten by a much better side. We simply were not good enough and will have to strengthen the squad in the January transfer window. But we learned a lot from the defeat.&rdquo;