Pictures of State Security Minister David Mahlobo in an affectionate moment dating back a year ago with an employee of a massage parlour owned by self-confessed criminal Guan Jiang Guang have surfaced. In some of the pictures Mahlobo, dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, is seen with his arm around Wei Chelsea's waist. Chelsea claims to be friends with the security minister. The picture was posted on Facebook on October 5, 2015.In another image in the picture gallery, Mahlobo is smiling while taking the photo with the petite Chelsea and an unidentified woman.Chelsea's captions the pictures as "Long time no c we friend still looking good haha". On a separate occasion, Mahlobo is pictured with Chelsea dressed in a grey suit. He is pictured in good spirits and all smiles while Chelsea is leaning beside him. Meanwhile, a fight is brewing on Facebook between Chelsea and a customer Unathi Mashile who said she feared going back to the massage parlour to repair her nails after Guang&rsquo;s allegations on Al Jazeera. Chelsea then replies calling Mashile evil.On Chelsea's Facebook page, Mashile identifies Mahlobo as her brother, adding her support for the minister.On her own Facebook page, Mashile urges her followers to "visit" the salon. "Once the case is opened, that will follow. I will be happy if comrades could pay them a visit," Mashile said.Several people have also spoken out in support of Chelsea saying that they would return to the salon regardless of the allegations labelled against its owners. Just for nailsAnother customer Precious Coco said, "Poaching or not I'm still gonna come for my massage &amp; nails! That's what I'm there for nothing else..." On Sunday, City Press reported that Guang, a self-confessed criminal and Mbombela spa owner, openly bragged about bribing South African justice and immigration officials. This was according to an Al Jazeera documentary. Guang said he knew State Security Minister David Mahlobo well and that the minister had been a guest at his house.&nbsp; Mahlobo said a number of his "comrades, friends and high-profile personalities visit the Mbombela spa, take photos with Guang's family and some of his staff".He denied knowing Guang. Mahlobo had asked his lawyers to look into bringing a defamation case against Al Jazeera.He had also asked the Mpumalanga police commissioner to investigate all allegations made against him in the documentary. He further asked him to take action against Guang for alleged illegal rhino poaching, and to look into claims that he employed illegal immigrants and circumvented immigration laws.&nbsp;