BAFANA Bafana skipper Thulani &ldquo;Tyson&rdquo; Hlatshwayo insists that his teammates were not intimidated by the galaxy of Senegalese stars. The Lions of Teranga called on the talents of English Premier League players, Stoke City&rsquo;s Mame Biram Diouf, Sadio Mane of Liverpool, Everton&rsquo;s Idrissa Gueye and West Ham United star Cheikhou Kouyate. But Hlatshwayo, who stepped up to convert a penalty in the first half, which was followed by a Thulani Serero goal to help Bafana to a vital 2-1 victory, says they are capable of beating any team on the African continent. Bafana survived a big scare after the visitors pulled one back in the last 15 minutes of the game to force a nerve-wracking finish. The quality of the Senegal players sends shivers down the spine of any team. Not only matching them but beating them will have boosted Bafana&rsquo;s confidence. Hlatshwayo said: &ldquo;We knew what we were up against and the plan was to keep the ball. We were not intimidated by the big-name players we so often see on TV. &ldquo;We knew we would have to work hard to win the game. We grew in confidence as the game progressed.&rdquo; The Bafana skipper added: &ldquo;The last 20 minutes was difficult for us. We had to protect the lead and in so doing invited the pressure. &ldquo;This was important to us &ndash; we worked hard for the three points.&rdquo; Hlatshwayo showed bravery when he stepped up to put away the penalty and he admitted he had to summon up the courage before taking the shot.There was a near full-capacity crowd in the stands but he held his cool to pave the way for Bafana&rsquo;s important win in Group D. South Africa are now second in the group standings with four points, tied on points with Burkina Faso who have a better goal difference. Senegal are third with three points and Cape Verde Islands are bottom of the group with no points after two games. The Russia World Cup qualifying campaign will resume in August 2017 when Bafana play back-to-back matches against Cape Verde. Hlatshwayo added: &ldquo;We are optimistic that we can qualify for the World Cup. We will keep working hard. We don&rsquo;t fear anyone in our group.&rdquo;