KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela says the chopping and changing of his starting line-up was an attempt to try and restore player confidence, especially to his misfiring strikers.However, it seems his approach has backfired, as his charges have now failed to win four matches in succession following a 2-1 defeat to champions Mamelodi Sundowns in an Absa Premiership match at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday.The setback comes after they were booted from the Telkom Knockout by Free State Stars on penalties following a 2-2 draw at full time in Durban, coupled with goalless draws with rivals Orlando Pirates and rookies Baroka FC. Chiefs are still on 15 points from nine league outings.&ldquo;If you look at our scoring charts, our strikers are not as free-scoring,&rdquo; Komphela said. &ldquo;We are trying to see how best we can assist them.&rdquo;He revealed that a lack of confidence was also evident against Sundowns, especially in the second half.Said Komphela: &ldquo;The game was played with the right intensity. I noted players&rsquo; desire to overcome the challenge and win the match. But in the second half we faded a bit. &ldquo;I felt after regaining possession we needed to find (Michelle) Katsvairo and (Lewis) Macha a bit quicker.&ldquo;I thought we gave away two cheap goals. Both of them came from our own mistakes. The first goal was from a break attack at a crucial time and Sibusiso Khumalo went down (injured). There was a bit of commotion and we failed to deal with the run from (Tebogo) Langerman. With the second goal as well, they went on a break attack.&rdquo;Komphela insisted that he didn&rsquo;t go there to defend, despite having five defensive players on the pitch &ndash; Ramahlwe Mphahlele, Lorenzo Gordinho, Eric Mathoho, Daniel Cardoso and Willard Katsande.&ldquo;Who scored? It was Rama (Mphahlele). What position does he play? Defender. When we attacked he was right up there. &ldquo;Against Mozambique (Bafana Bafana&rsquo;s 1-1 friendly draw) the goal scored by Bradley Grobler, where did it come from? The same Rama. &ldquo;If you look at Chelsea when they beat Everton, they played centre-backs, it was 3-4-3 or whatever, but they went on to score five goals.&rdquo;