THE mother of a grade 2 pupil accused of stealing a teacher&rsquo;s cellphone wants justice for her son. The mother (29) claimed her eight-year-old child was beaten by teachers and cops who accused him of stealing a teacher&rsquo;s iPhone. Now the boy is afraid to go back to school!According to the mother from Kwa-Ndengezi, west of Durban, three teachers beat her son on 7 November. They accused him of stealing a teacher&rsquo;s expensive phone.&ldquo;The teachers came to my house to search for the missing phone. They left without finding it after turning the place upside down,&rdquo; the mum said. Two days later cops arrived at her house. &ldquo;I was not here, but my family told me that the police were accusing my son of stealing the teacher&rsquo;s phone. They beat him so badly that his eye was swollen. &ldquo;My brother told me that they then took him and my son to the police station, where they continued beating my son. They even threatened him with a gun before locking him and my brother in a cell for about 30 minutes.&rdquo;The mother said she was not covering up for her son as she was not at school when the phone incident happened. &ldquo;However, I feel the matter could have been handled better. The least they could have done was to contact me as his parent. Now look at the emotional damage that was done to my son. &ldquo;The worst part is that the teacher said she did not see my son stealing the phone, but she heard from other kids that he took it,&rdquo; she claimed.The treasurer of the school governing body said she learnt about the incident from pupils. &ldquo;The principal hasn&rsquo;t said anything and as the board we also haven&rsquo;t done anything,&rdquo; said the treasurer. Education spokesman Sicelo Khuzwayo said: &ldquo;We are saddened to learn about this incident. We will investigate to get a clear understanding of what happened.&rdquo;KZN police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Thulani Zwane said: &ldquo;The allegations made against the officers will be investigated. We advise the mother to go to KwaNdengezi Police Station and speak to the station commander so that a case of assault can be opened.&rdquo;