PUPILS were terrified yesterday when a group of caretakers at their school disturbed a hive of bees. The workers at a high school in Vereeniging, Vaal, unknowingly unleashed chaos when they started cutting grass in the morning. Pupils and staff ran around hysterically trying to avoid getting stung by the angry insects which were swarming. The screams of children could be heard in between the buzzing of bees. The insects were soon flying into classrooms and by the time they had dispersed, 22 pupils and three staff members had been stung. Two people were left severely injured and many others had to be taken to hospital. Chitra Bodasing-Harduth, ER24 spokeswoman, said: &ldquo;About 20 patients have been treated and transported to hospital. They were stung by bees at a school on Van Riebeeck Road in Vereeniging. ER24 paramedics and other services were on the scene to help assess patients. It&rsquo;s believed a bee hive was disturbed while maintenance workers were cutting grass. At this stage, it&rsquo;s understood that at least two patients are in a critical condition. The other patients are in minor to moderate conditions.&rdquo; The department of education was not available for comment.BEE AWARE Leave bees alone. If they are way up in atree and not bothering anyone, take a chill pill.Hire a beekeeper to remove the hive and to do a &ldquo;trap-out.&rdquo; This is hard to do and can take at least six weeks. The beekeeper comes after dark and installs a one-way exit for the bees. Next to the exit the beekeeper places a hive box with some brood comb (baby bees) in it. The worker bees leave but can&rsquo;t get into their old home. They take up residence in the new box and make a new queen. If all goes well, the beekeeper comes back in six weeks and takes away the box. Know the difference between a swarm and a beehive. Swarms are how bees reproduce. Often they will land on a tree branch temporarily while they search for a permanent home (like a diseased tree). Swarms are usually harmless and will take off within a few days.Don&rsquo;t ever poison or kill bees &ndash; just hire beekeepers to move them.