This week is Global Entrepreneurship Week, a worldwide move aimed at celebrating people who create businesses and job opportunities for others. SunMoney spoke to Nelly Mofokeng, acting managing director of Junior Achievement South Africa, which is committed to encouraging people to start their own businesses and promote the culture of entrepreneurship in Mzansi. She said that they present entrepreneurial programmes to foster confidence and empower young people to create opportunities and ultimately contribute to meaningful economic participation. She shared the following tips for those wanting to start businesses. Know your business Identify your target audience and what service or product you can offer them. This will give you a better idea of how to apply yourself and your ideas. &ldquo;Understand that running a successful business, big or small, requires hard work, knowledge and skills. It is important to maintain a positive attitude and remain motivated,&rdquo; she said. Competitor analysis Who are you up against? Even if you believe your business is unique, you need to understand the market, existing services or products so that you can identify where the opportunities lie and how you and your business can claim them. Mentorship&nbsp; It is important to surround yourself with the right people who can share knowledge and guide you. If you are fortunate enough to find a mentor, this will help you keep your feet on the ground.&nbsp; Business plan&nbsp; Planning in advance is key, and you must make sure that you have a well thought-out business plan. The plan should fully detail what is your desired outcome from your small business venture and how you plan on achieving this.&nbsp; It should also outline any opportunities you&rsquo;ve identified, including your vision and mission statement, and map out goals and set deadlines for the business.&nbsp; Securing finance&nbsp; Once your business plan is in place, it will allow you to determine how much capital you need to get your business off the ground.&nbsp; Your plan, and financial goals should be structured in such a way that you have enough to capital to invest &ndash; and outline what you are investing in. It should also include your short and long-term goals, marketing and human resource plans. &ldquo;The Junior Achievement Association aims to ignite a spark in young people so they can experience and realise the opportunities, realities and challenges of the working environment. We encourage anyone thinking about starting a business to look for programmes that will help build the knowledge and skills necessary to make sure they are a success,&rdquo; she said. For more information of Junior Achievement and their programmes, visit www.jasa.org.za.