BISHOP Hamilton Nala is at it again!This time the man of God is selling pens that he claims will assist pupils to pass their final year exams. The pens, ranging from R10 to R20, were posted on his Facebook page on Sunday. They have since been widely circulated by his church congregation.The pens are in different colours with the writing: &ldquo;You will never use faith water, write with Nala pen and anoint yourself with faith oil and still pass like them, you will excel.&rdquo;Not so long ago, the founder of the Nala Mandate Church upset many, including KZN MEC for Health, Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo, when he sold holy water that he claimed healed HIV.His move was seen as misleading and giving false hope to those suffering from the disease. This week the bishop introduced the King Dr HQ Nala pens.While they have been welcomed with excitement by his church, outsiders believe the bishop is trying to cash in on desperate and gullible pupils.Mahlengi Okandima said: &ldquo;All is well. I need this pen urgently.&rdquo;However, Maweni Shongololo was not sold on the idea. He said: &ldquo;Naaa! Can you explain what is the difference between this pen and other ordinary ones that I buy from the shops?&rdquo;Thabiso Sebola said: &ldquo;Stop misleading people. Only those who prepared well in advance will pass the exams. No pen can perform miracles.&rdquo;When Daily Sun contacted Nala, his personal assistant Princess Zikode said he was busy and could not take calls.&ldquo;The King is currently busy with church related matters and has requested not to be interrupted.&rdquo;However, church spokesman Favour Mabaso said he did not understand why there was a sudden hype with the pens as they have been there for three years.&ldquo;Anyone can use these pens for different purposes, even adults when applying for jobs. &ldquo;They help people achieve things beyond their expectations and we have testimonies,&rdquo; said Mabaso. &ldquo;We are not misleading anyone. Nala always encourages pupils to study.&rdquo;The SunTeam visited the church to buy a pen yesterday.Two women who sold holy water, Nala&rsquo;s DVDs and T-shirts warmly welcomed the SunTeam. When SunGirl Mbali Dlungwana bought the pen, which cost R20, one of the women confirmed that the pen indeed helped pupils in their exams.KZN education spokesman Sihle Mlotshwa urged pupils to focus on their books and what they have been taught throughout the year. &ldquo;They can only rely on their books. The department does not believe in supernatural things so we cannot comment on the miraculous pens.&rdquo; Thoko Mkhwanazi-Xaluva, chairwoman of the Commission for Promotion and Protection of Religious and Linguistic Communities, urged religious leaders to stop misleading people.