SATURDAY can&rsquo;t come soon enough for Bafana Bafana coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba. As Bafana prepare for the 2018 Russia Fifa World Cup qualifier against Senegal at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (3pm), Mashaba is upbeat about their chances of winning the game. So far there has been no talk of injuries and players are raring to go. They scored four goals in training yesterday, leading the coach to believe there will be lots of goals against the Lions of Teranga in this crucial match. It was only a practice match but Mashaba was encouraged by what he had seen. New striker Lars Veldwijk got in on the act with his first goal, showing Mashaba his scoring prowess ahead of the weekend&rsquo;s clash. Said Mashaba: &ldquo;We played a full pitch game and I was happy so see four goals &ndash; I found myself wishing it was Saturday already. &ldquo;If this happens on Saturday four goals could make us winners. There is promise, especially up-front. We are creating chances. &ldquo;We brought in Lars to help us solve our goal-scoring problems &ndash; he could have easily scored a hat-trick.&rdquo; Mashaba is the only coach to have beaten the star-studded Senegalese and says his charges do not fear their stars. Senegal, the only country with a 100% record in the Gabon 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign, top group D with three points. Bafana and Burkina Faso are level on a point apiece and Cape Verde Islands are bottom of the group after the first round of matches. Mashaba said: &ldquo;They top the table but we will unseat them after this game. We are going for broke.&rdquo; To the coach it doesn&rsquo;t matter how long Veldwijk has been with the team, he is destined to start the game. &ldquo;There is promise there that he will score.&rdquo; Mashaba is aware of the danger Senegal will pose, but insists he has the perfect game plan. &ldquo;I know all about their dangerous players and their strongest points.&ldquo;My plans to get us to Russia are on course,&rdquo; the coach said.