ROGER Sikhakhane could surprise many and get Thanda Royal Zulu promoted to the Absa Premiership this season.He would be making history by getting two different clubs promoted to the Premiership after his good spell with Chippa United in previous seasons.The National First Division (NFD) log leaders have proven themselves a force to be reckoned with. They have a clean record of seven wins and three draws in 10 matches. Thanda have banked a cool 24 points from those 10 matches and are yet to taste defeat.Sikhakhane calls their style &ldquo;complete football&rdquo; and has promised more of the same when they face a limping AmaZulu in a KwaZulu-Natal derby at the Princess Magogo Stadium in KwaMashu on Sunday (3.30pm). The stadium is expected to be filled to capacity by football lovers from KZN who are eager to see whether Usuthu will hand Thanda their first defeat of the season or whether Sikhakhane&rsquo;s charges will keep running away with the league.Sikhakhane said: &ldquo;Everywhere we&rsquo;ve played this season we left people talking about us. My players have responded positively to what I want. They make my job easy. On Sunday people in KwaMashu should expect fireworks from us. We will leave them begging for more!&rdquo;In the last meeting between the two in a friendly in August, Thanda won 4-0. With Amabhubesi&rsquo;s recent scoring form and Usuthu finding hard to keep a clean sheet, one can only wonder what the score will be this time around. Added Sikhakhane: &ldquo;We realise this is a big game for us, it is a derby. But as always, we won&rsquo;t change the way we plan for the game. Nothing will be special or different about this one. &ldquo;We know AmaZulu are struggling lately but we won&rsquo;t underestimate them. In my experience, coaching in the NFD, I&rsquo;ve learned that a team can rise at any time. So we need to tread carefully and show them respect.&rdquo; Sikhakhane has already played two derbies this season, against Royal Eagles and Real Kings United. His charges won both those matches comfortably, 2-0 and 5-1 respectively.