WHEN a seven-year-old girl saw other kids passing by her house going to school she tried to wake her mum up so she could help her prepare as wel l.But when her mother did not wake up on Monday she then rushed to the nearby neighbours to call for help.When the neighbours went to check on her, they found the girl&rsquo;s mother sitting on the floor with her back against the wall with no sign of life.The neighbours told Daily Sun that Nonhlanhla Nxumalo (34) who was heavily pregnant was allegedly struck dead by lightning on Sunday night.Neighbour Sizakele Zulu (58) said that at first she thought Nonhlanhla had fainted but she was shocked to learn that she was in fact dead. &ldquo;When I got closer I saw that she had a big open wound on her arm and head but there was no blood. I called her relative who lives in the nearby village to come to her house.&rdquo;Upon the relative&rsquo;s arrival the child explained that on Sunday night while she and her mother were closing windows she heard a big bang and her mum fell down.She added that she also felt a shock on her arm and that&rsquo;s when she took her one-year-old brother and they hid under the bed until they fell asleep.Nonhlahla&rsquo;s mother, Elizabeth Nxumalo (76), said: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know what to say right now. I still can&rsquo;t believe that my baby is no more. When I arrived I could not believe that she was dead. I think I fainted afterwards because I didn&rsquo;t even see her body being removed.&rdquo;The dead woman&rsquo;s aunt, Thoko Zikhali (80), said they didn&rsquo;t think that the bad weather was going to rob them of their loved ones. &ldquo;We were left with only a few days to welcome a new blessing to the family. But God decided to take them both away. We are still struggling to come to terms with the loss. We don&rsquo;t know how we&rsquo;re going to get through having two coffins in the same yard.&rdquo; Captain Nqobile Gwala, KZN cops spokeswoman, confirmed that a 34-year-old woman was struck dead by lighting in her home. &ldquo;An inquest docket was opened at Mtubatuba Police Station.&rdquo;