CHURCH members were inside worshiping. But then other church members arrived looking for a fight. AND ALL HELL BROKE LOOSE AT THE CHURCH. Members started fighting on the church steps and by the time the police arrived, fists were flying and vehicles were on fire. It appears pastors and members of the World Divine Deliverance Church had arrived from all over Seshego for the official opening of one of their churches at Ntswaneng Village, outside Burgersfort, Limpopo.&nbsp;But there was hardly any official opening. While they were at the church praising God, members of the church from other places arrived as well &ndash; and that&rsquo;s when the fighting broke out. Police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said when these members arrived, they found the first group in the church and a fight erupted. &ldquo;Members fought each other while some of the congregation ran away to save their lives. &ldquo;Vehicles parked outside the church were damaged with stones while others were burnt to ashes. Some church members sustained serious injuries and were taken to hospital for medical treatment.&rdquo; He said it is not yet clear what caused the fight. Ngoepe said some members managed to drive back to Seshego in buses. Others went to the police station looking for safety and to report the incident. &ldquo;Three cars were totally destroyed and others were severely damaged. &ldquo;The situation is now calm and under control after the police intervened.&rdquo; The church has been in the news for all the wrong reasons in past years. The founder of the church, Pastor James Thobakgale was arrested for the alleged rape of a minor in 2012, but the case was later dismissed. Last year community members in zone 5, Seshego destroyed the church&rsquo;s tent, saying that they were making too much noise and were disturbing their kids, who were trying to study, during the week. Cases of public violence and malicious damage to property are being investigated. Ngoepe said the police in Mecklenburg, outside Burgersfort, have launched a manhunt for the people who attacked the church pastors and other members of the congregation. &ldquo;There are no arrests at the moment but we will arrest those responsible and bring them to book,&rdquo; he said. When Daily Sun arrived at the church, members who looked like church leaders seemed to be in a discussion but they chased the SunTeam away. &ldquo;Go to the people who gave you information for comment. You won&rsquo;t get it from us,&rdquo; one of the men said.