&ldquo;MY COMRADE, Mr President when you sit down to watch the news on the TV tonight, please think deeply about what you are seeing. &ldquo;What you are seeing here today is the emergence of a people who will no longer put up with your antics.&rdquo;These were the words of businessman and ANC veteran Sipho Pityana as he spoke to the Save South Africa People&rsquo;s Assembly at St Alban&rsquo;s Cathedral in Tshwane yesterday. He warned President Jacob Zuma that what he was seeing was an uprising of people who were no longer willing to put up with his behaviour. The gathering at the church was attended by religious leaders, struggle veterans, NGOs, a former Constitutional Court judge and ordinary citizens. As Pityana was speaking, Julius Malema addressed a large crowd of EFF supporters who gathered at Church Square. This was before court proceedings to decide whether or not to grant Zuma&rsquo;s urgent application to delay the release of the former Public Protector&rsquo;s State Capture report.Malema said they had come to Tshwane to demand the resignation of Zuma and NPA boss Shaun Abrahams, as well as free education. Malema was the first to break the news when the president decided to withdraw his application. A few streets away, thousands of DA supporters marched to the North Gauteng High Court with party leader Mmusi Maimane. Addressing protesters, he said: &ldquo;Zuma and his cronies disrespected the Constitution. He doesn&rsquo;t care about South Africans and the legacy Nelson Mandela left.&rdquo; He also accused Abrahams of being a puppet and urged him to do the honourable thing and resign. Tshwane Metro police senior Superintendent Isaac Mahamba said: &ldquo;There were disturbances on Paul Kruger Street next to the Pretoria Zoo.&ldquo;Four people were arrested for throwing stones at motorists. The Metro police and SAPS have sent in 1 000 members to the CBD.&rdquo;Later, EFF members marched to the Union Buildings. After they were refused entry, they burned a fake coffin draped in an ANC T-shirt in front of the gate. As Malema was trying to convince guards to allow protesters through the gate, some EFF members became unruly and threw stones at the cops. This led to Malema pleading with them not to provoke the cops and to stop &ldquo;being stupid&rdquo;.