W HEN Hlompho Kekana dispossessed Cameroonian left-back, Tony Tchani, deep in his own half and unleashed a long-distance strike that nestled in the roof of the net, little did the Mamelodi Sundowns&rsquo; strongman know he was going to be mentioned in the same breath as Neymar, Lionel Messi and Mario Gaspar. Like many goalkeepers who drift to the D-line when their team is in possession, Cameroon goalkeeper, Ndy Assembe, was busy picking his nose when he saw something from outer space, floating over his head like it was a comet. The match was in Limbe and Kekana may as well have unleashed that mule kind of a kick from the capital Yaounde. The &lsquo;long-distance&rsquo; relationship between the ball and the Cameroon keeper didn&rsquo;t end well. Heartbreaker Kekana came in between the two parties and he is now on the brink of winning big in world football. The Zebediela-born midfielder is enjoying a fantastic 2016. Despite winning the sought-after CAF star in the Champions League with Downs, Kekana has also been nominated for the African Player of the Year (Based in Africa) accolade. His Bafana goal against Cameroon was shortlisted among the top 10 nominees for the Fifa Puskas Award.But this hard-working player is far from being flashy or flamboyant like his teammates and peers.Instead, he quietly goes about his business, always focused on perfecting his craft, while shying away from making headlines for all the wrong reasons.And the ever-so-true-to-form Kekana strikes spine-chilling fear into PSL goalkeepers. Murmurs of prayer can be heard (if one listens carefully) as the ball dances with his feet in search of the goal posts.The late Orlando Pirates goalkeeper, Senzo Meyiwa (may his soul rest in peace), was also a victim of Kekana&rsquo;s weapons of mass destruction. In fact, one of Kekana&rsquo;s paralysing strikes even resulted in the great Meyiwa hitching a ride in an ambulance, after he was stretchered off the field. I want to urge Mzansi&rsquo;s football fans to vote for Kekana&rsquo;s amazing goal on the Fifa website, www.fifa.org. Your efforts will not only be a victory for Sundowns or Kekana, they will be a major boost for Mzansi&rsquo;s soccer-loving community. After all, he scored the goal in the green-and-gold colours of South Africa.Kekana is facing a stiff competition from other nominated goals. My top three would be without any doubt Kekana&rsquo;s strike &ndash; no bias at all, off course!And in the Malaysian Super League, Mohd Faiz Subri has been nominated for his freak goal. His &ldquo;knuckleball&rdquo; had more swerves than a drunk driver at 3am. Spain&rsquo;s Gaspar&rsquo;s spinning scissor kick in mid-air against England was just sheer beauty. It would be wonderful for our PSL players to win major awards. That will motivate the next generation.