LAST year Wayde van Niekerk made a clean sweep at the annual SA Sports Awards in Bloemfontein. Most people did not expect the sprint ace to collect the People&rsquo;s Choice as well as the SA Sports Star of the Year awards, gifting the 400m world champion two brand new luxury cars and R2 million. If the Olympic champion and the 400m record holder with a time of 43.03 seconds was a surprise package in 2015, this year he should be the overwhelming favourite to win all the big awards. Van Niekerk has had a year to remember and his star keeps rising. The 24-year-old from the Free State has received special recognition from the Association of National Olympic Committees (Anoc) on Tuesday for his historic performance at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. He has been named Male Athlete of the 2016 Olympic Games. Van Niekerk has also been nominated in three categories for this year&rsquo;s SA Sports Awards, to be held in Bloemfontein on 27 November. He is the favourite in the categories Sportsman of the Year, People&rsquo;s Choice and SA Sport Star of the Year. In the last year Van Niekerk has gone from national hero to international star. He broke United States icon Michael Johnson&rsquo;s 17-year-old record in the 400m, running in lane eight. To add the cherry on top, Van Niekerk has made the shortlist in the World Athlete of the Year category of the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) Awards scheduled to take place in Monaco on 3 December. Van Niekerk will be competing for top honours with Usain Bolt of Jamaica and Britain&rsquo;s Mo Farah. Athletics SA president Aleck Skhosana was quick to pay homage to Mzansi&rsquo;s poster boy yesterday. Skhosana said: &ldquo;Wayde has established himself among the top athletes in the world. &ldquo;The Olympic award is a tremendous honour and we are proud of him. We congratulate him and his coach Ans Botha on this worthy recognition of all his hard work.&rdquo; Van Niekerk says he is still hungry for more accolades in track and field events. He said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m still young and have the potential to break boundaries. Every award means a lot to me.&rdquo;