OPPOSITION parties celebrated yesterday when they were granted permission to intervene in President Jacob Zuma&rsquo;s state capture case with costs. The EFF, UDM, DA and Cope wanted to take part in the court proceedings after Zuma applied for an urgent interdict to delay the release of former public protector Thuli Madonsela&rsquo;s final report. The parties yesterday told the North Gauteng High Court in Tshwane the public had a right to know what the report contained. Madonsela planned to release her report on her final day in office but Zuma applied for an urgent interdict to prevent its release, arguing he had not been given enough time to respond to allegations against him.Representing the UDM and Cope, Advocate Dali Mpofu said the parties represented five million people who wanted the report to be released. Madonsela&rsquo;s report followed an investigation into allegations that the politically connected Gupta family had influence over the appointment of ministers. Zuma&rsquo;s bid to put the report on ice was joined by Co-operative Governance Minister Des Van Rooyen and Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane.Zuma&rsquo;s lawyer, Anthea Platt, told the court the president was entitled to an opportunity to interview witnesses mentioned in the report. However, the DA said there was an error in Zuma&rsquo;s submissions as he was not entitled to procedural rights once the report was finalised. Nicole Lewis, representing former ANC MP Vytjie Mentor, said her client had a right to compel the public protector to release the report. She said all citizens were entitled to know what was in the report. She said if the president&rsquo;s application was granted, the release of the report could be delayed. Van Rooyen argued he had taken action as a Sunday newspaper reported he visited the Gupta&rsquo;s house several times before he briefly replaced Nhlanhla Nene as finance minister. His lawyer, Stephan du Toit, said Van Rooyen wanted an opportunity to respond to the claims. Van Rooyen&rsquo;s application was struck off the roll as lacking urgency.