Olympian gold medallists Wayde van Niekerk and Caster Semenya are among the nominees for the 2016 South African Sport Star of the Year Award. Van Niekerk won gold in the 400-metre track event in Rio while fellow athlete Semenya won the women&rsquo;s 800m. The other nominee for the Sports Star of the Year, according to the SASCOC website, is Proteas cricketer Kagiso Rabada. Van Niekerk&rsquo;s coach, 'Tannie Ans' Botha, is also up for an award in the Coach of the Year category. The awards will take place at the Sand du Plessis Theatre in Mangaung, Free State on November 27. Eighteen categories will be contested, including Sportsman of the Year, Sportsman of the Year with a disability, Sportswoman of the Year, Sportswoman of the Year with a disability, and Team of the Year, among others. Six Paralympic athletes are in contention for the Sportsman of the Year with a Disability and Sportswoman of the Year with a Disability. They are Zanele Situ, Anrun&eacute; Liebenberg, Ilse Hayes, Charl du Toit, Dyan Buis and Reinhardt Hamman. Suzanne Ferreira, who was one of Team SA&rsquo;s coaches at the Rio Paralympics, is also up for nomination in the Coach of the Year category. South Africa&rsquo;s sporting public will also get to be involved, by voting in the People&rsquo;s Choice of the Year award. The public can vote for their favourite sport star by SMS. The full list of nominees for the 2016 Sports Awards is: Sport Star of the Year Wayde van Niekerk Caster Semenya Kagiso Rabada Sportswoman of the Year Jenna Ward Caster Semenya Phumza Maweni Sportsman of the Year Wayde van Niekerk Hank McGregor Chad le Clos People&rsquo;s Choice Award Chad le Clos Wayde van Niekerk Caster Semenya Kagiso Rabada Seabelo Senatla Team of the Year Rowing (men&rsquo;s coxless pair) Mamelodi Sundowns Blitzboks Coach of the Year Pitso Mosimane Anna Botha Jean Verster Suzanne Ferreira Newcomer of the Year Award Henri Schoeman Brad Binder Ntando Mahlangu Sportswoman of the Year with a Disability Zanele Situ Anrun&eacute; Liebenberg Ilse Hayes Sportsman of the Year with Disability Charl du Toit Dyan Buis Reinhardt Hamman Volunteer of the Year Kim Pople Carol Blignaut Charles Villet Photographer of the Year Sydney Mahlangu Christian Kotze Reg Caldecott Journalist of the Year David van der Sandt Thabiso Sithole Kwena Moabelo School Team of the Year St Benedict&rsquo;s &ndash; Rowing La Rochelle Girls School &ndash; Athletics Paarl Boys High School &ndash; Rugby Recreation Body of the Year Egoli Squash Fight with Insight Unogwaja Indigenous Games Team of the Year Limpopo Ilncuva North West Khokho KZN Kgatli Team