IT was a very sad day. He was found six days after he went missing.&nbsp;He was found six days after he went missing.His decomposed body was discovered after his family, taxi drivers, the police and residents launched a massive search for him. This was after the taxi he was driving, a white Toyota Venture, was found abandoned and burnt in the bush.Car parts including the battery, alternator, radiator, wheels and music system had been stripped from the car.Daily Sun published the story on the 11 November with the headline &lsquo;Taxi Driver Missing&rsquo; &ndash; Sipho was last seen driving people. But in the early hours of Saturday morning the taxi was found abandoned and burnt.Sipho was first reported missing after he disappeared and his cellphone went straight to voicemail. At the time, the owner of the taxi, Tshepo Tsotetsi, said when he last saw Sipho he was carrying passengers as he always did. &ldquo;I was surprised when I received a call from the tracking company at about 11pm to inform me that the vehicle was moving around with the battery disconnected.&rdquo; Tshepo said he knew then something was wrong but he was not prepared for what was to follow. Later the tracking company called to tell Tshepo that the taxi had been found in the bush. A few days later, after searching clinics, police stations, mortuaries and hospitals, Sipho&rsquo;s decomposed body was found dumped in the bush in Kromkuil, Tshwane. His funeral on Sunday was well attended by community members and taxi drivers who came to pay their last respects. Sipho&rsquo;s sad mum, Beauty Yilo, said her son was quiet, obedient and respectful. Chairman of the Mabopane Winterveld Klipgat Taxi Association, Joshua Matjane, who also attended the funeral, said he was deeply touched by Sipho&rsquo;s death and condemned the incident. People were shocked when the proceedings were delayed by 45 minutes because the coffin could not be lowered into the ground. The site that had been prepared for his coffin appeared to be too small. People had to start digging as the family watched from a distance but eventually Sipho was buried with dignity.