SANGOMA LINDIWE can&rsquo;t ignore the cries of the three miners any longer.&nbsp;She can&rsquo;t sleep in her house or even in her dumba because she says she&rsquo;s being haunted.&nbsp; THE ANCESTORS ARE PUNISHING ME FOR NOT LISTENING TO THEIR DESPERATE CRIES, SHE TOLD DAILY SUN.&nbsp; Lindiwe Xaba (45) of Orange Farm in the Vaal, Gauteng, is speaking about the three miners whose remains have still not been recovered from the Lily Mine, in Mpumalanga after a structural pillar collapsed on 5 February. The company, which has since placed the mine under business administration, confirmed that 87 underground workers were safely evacuated and brought to the surface, but the three miners remained unaccounted for.&nbsp; Rescue attempts were abandoned after two months because the ground was considered unsafe.&nbsp; Sangoma Lindiwe said she tried to ignore the cries. But the ancestors got angry with her, telling her the voices she was hearing belong to&nbsp;the three souls trapped in the dark container&nbsp;underground.Speaking to Daily Sun yesterday, she said the miners want to be taken out and laid to rest near their ancestors. &ldquo;They are troubled. They cry day and night. Their spirits have to be put to rest. After so many months, everyone has forgotten about them,&rdquo; said the concerned sangoma. &ldquo;The least the mine and government could do is get them out and give them a dignified burial. Relevant rituals must be performed at the mine so families can have closure.&rdquo; Christopher Nkambule (38), the husband of one of the three miners, Pretty Nkambule, said since the tragedy they have struggled to get by. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m left with four kids. They ask me every day where their mother is. The pain is terrible.&rdquo;&nbsp; Christopher, who also works at Lily Mine, said the lives of workers don&rsquo;t matter to the bosses. &ldquo;We only matter when we go to work and produce money, but when we are in trouble the management sits back,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;This tragedy has left me broken. I pray to God to take care of us.&rdquo; Christopher said he needs closure but the situation was getting worse every day. The other two miners who died with Pretty were Solomon Nyarenda and Yvonne Mnisi. At the time of the tragic incident, Lily Mine business practitioner Rob Devereux maintained they needed to raise R200 million in order for the rescue mission to&nbsp;resume.