SUPERSPORT United head coach Stuart Baxter is planning to wreck Orlando Pirates&rsquo; six-match unbeaten run in the Absa Premiership. The two giants clash in what promises to be an explosive PSL match at Mbombela Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Matsatsantsa a Pitori are also unbeaten in their last seven matches in all competitions. Said Baxter: &ldquo;We want to keep our momentum going. We had a lot of serious injuries at the start of the season, with up to 10 players on the sidelines, but things are improving and we&rsquo;ll be out to try and stop Pirates.&rdquo; Baxter revealed that striker Bradley Grobler returned to action in the 2-0 away win over Ajax Cape Town at the weekend for the first time since an injury sidelined him in the 1-0 loss to Platinum Stars in their opening fixture on 23 August. Also back in action in the Ajax victory for the first time this season was midfielder Cole Alexander. What is surprising is the fact that Grobler was selected for Bafana Bafana head coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba&rsquo;s squad last week to play Senegal in a win-at-all-costs 2018 World Cup qualifier in Polokwane on 12 November without having kicked a ball for over TWO months. Grobler&rsquo;s inclusion in the national squad for such an important match begs the question how does a player who is not match fit and had not played for two months get a call-up? Only Mashaba can answer that one! But Baxter is hoping Grobler is on target against a Bucs side that have drawn four of their six league matches, winning the other two. Said the coach: &ldquo;We did well to beat Ajax in Cape Town at the weekend, we have won our last three games in all competitions. I want the lads to keep that winning run going.&rdquo; Baxter knows Bucs will be tricky opponents. He said: &ldquo;I watched them draw 0-0 with Kaizer Chiefs in the derby at the weekend and thought they did well in the second half. They have quality players.&rdquo; He is also happy with leading goal-scorer Jeremy Brockie, who netted his third goal of the season with a penalty against the Urban Warriors. Said Baxter: &ldquo;I have a new role for Brockie as a shadow striker. He&rsquo;s more effective now than when he was coming in from the flanks. He is more comfortable in this role.&rdquo; Bucs head coach Muhsin Ertugral will be hoping striker Tendai Ndoro, who scored six goals in three games but has hit a drought lately, rediscovers his goal-scoring form.&nbsp;