BANYANA Banyana and Nigeria have a long-standing rivalry. This is what will make the Africa Women&rsquo;s Cup of Nations semifinal tomorrow a real battle. Pride will be at stake &ndash; and Banyana will have revenge in mind when the two meet at Limbe Omnisport Stadium (8pm SA time).South Africa are still recovering from the 2014 edition of the tournament where the Super Falcons beat them 2-1 at the same stage of competition, denying Banyana a spot at the 2015 Women&rsquo;s World Cup in Canada.The senior women&rsquo;s team have bested Nigeria before, though only once, when they shocked them at the 2012 Women&rsquo;s Afcon in Equatorial Guinea by beating them 1-0. They have the ability to do so again. However, their 5-0 victory over Egypt on Friday shouldn&rsquo;t fool them into thinking they will have it easy against the defending champions who will be out to prove a point against the South Africans. Nigeria are also fresh from a high-scoring 4-0 win over Kenya.Even before the last group matches, Nigerian players were telling Banyana players they would beat them in the semifinals. Banyana interim coaches, Desiree Ellis and Maud Khumalo, will need more than just motivation to get their charges to repeat the 2012 feat. Defender Leandra Smeda said they would need to make sure they put away the chances they create in this match. This has been Banyana&rsquo;s downfall, missing when they should be scoring.Said Smeda: &ldquo;We know they are lethal in front of goal. They always score when they get the chance. &ldquo;We will have to attack them, be cautious when we defend and not panic at the back. We have to play the football we know, our passing game. The long balls won&rsquo;t work for us because they are much taller and stronger than us.&rdquo;Noko Matlou said their mental sharpness would be key against Nigeria. She said they would have to prepare for war. &ldquo;It will start at training. We have to prepare ourselves mentally. It won&rsquo;t be easy playing Nigeria,&rdquo; said Matlou. Busisiwe Mokwena is in Cameroon courtesy of Sasol.