SUMMER is the time many couples tie the knot. Couples want their day to be extraordinary and everything absolutely perfect: the dress, the d&eacute;cor, the catering, the flowers, the photographer, the bridesmaids, everything! To make this dream real, many end up getting carried away and borrow too much money.John Manyike, head of financial education at Old Mutual, told SunMoney that every couple should make sure that they ticked not only all the boxes on their wedding plan, but also all the boxes on their financial plan. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s important to keep a level head and ask yourselves what makes more sense: an extravagant wedding that leaves you struggling financially or a smaller, less fancy wedding that lets you start your marriage financially healthy?&rdquo;There are three types of marriages recognised in SA law:- Civil marriages &ndash; between heterosexual partners.- Civil unions &ndash; which can between same sex as well as heterosexual partners.- Customary marriages in terms of African custom.There are also two matrimonial property systems, which are arrangements that regulate how your assets and liabilities are treated during and at the end of the marriage.- Marriage in community of property, which means all the assets and liabilities (what you own and owe) that you each had before the marriage become jointly owned when you get married. - Marriage out of community of property, which means you draw up an antenuptial contract before you get married. There are two kinds of antenuptial contracts.- Antenuptial contract without accrual: This type of contract must be drawn up by a lawyer and there are costs involved. The contract states that your assets and liabilities are kept separate. In the event of a divorce or death, each party leaves with whatever they brought into the marriage plus what they accumulated in their personal capacity during the marriage. -&nbsp; Antenuptial with accrual: With this option, assets and liabilities are also kept separate. However, if you acquired less growth in your estate than your spouse during the marriage, you will be entitled to receive half of the difference in growth of your two estates. Pre-wedding money talksIt is crucial to know your partner&rsquo;s credit profile, particularly if you are planning to be married in community of property. Knowing each other&rsquo;s credit history will also give you some insight into each other&rsquo;s financial behaviour. Be honest with each other from the start.