IT IS do or die for Bafana Bafana! If Bafana lose their crucial 2018 World Cup qualifier to Senegal at the Peter Mokaba Stadium tomorrow (3pm), head coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba, can kiss his job goodbye. One gets the feeling that this will be Mashaba&rsquo;s defining game, when it comes to keeping or losing his job. The coach started the week in jubilant mood but grew angrier as the days progressed. He became more unpredictable with each media session, often venting, or defending his status as national team coach. Mashaba said: &ldquo;The national team setup is not new to me, let me school those who don&rsquo;t know that. This is my third stint as the coach of Bafana and I know what I&rsquo;m doing.&rdquo; But what would a win mean to Mashaba? He said: &ldquo;A win will mean that my plans are on course for going to Russia. We have started throwing our javelin as far as Russia.&rdquo; The Lions of Teranga boast amazing talent in their squad who ply their trade in the English Premiership, such as Stoke City&rsquo;s Mame Biram Diouf, Sadio Mane of Liverpool, Everton&rsquo;s Idrissa Gueye and West Ham United star Cheikhou Kouyate. Bafana and the Lions of Teranga have met on seven occasions, with one win for Bafana, two defeats and four draws.Mashaba said: &ldquo;People are saying this is Senegal, we haven&rsquo;t beaten them (in an official match), but they are forgetting that they haven&rsquo;t beaten us either &ndash; not during my tenure.&rdquo; Mashaba was also quick to point out the difference between Bafana and Senegal in Group D. The Lions of Teranga top the log with three points, while Bafana and Burkina Faso are tied on one point each. Cape Verde are bottom of the group with no points after one round of matches. The Bafana coach is relying on new recruit and striker Lars Veldwijk of KV Kortrijk, who is poised to make his international debut against the Lions of Teranga. He insists that he has picked the best possible team to unseat Senegal at top of the group standings. Mashaba said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s dangerous to focus on the opposition and forget about ourselves. Victory will change the log standings in our favour.&rdquo; Skipper Thulani Hlatshwayo and Eric Mathoho, together with goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune, will play key roles for SA, while Tiyani Mabunda has also been added to Mashaba&rsquo;s arsenal.