ROGER de Sa&rsquo;s availability has put him in pole position to replace outgoing Bafana Bafana coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba. A highly-placed Safa insider revealed yesterday that Mashaba had made it really easy for the organisation to fire him after his outbursts following the match against Senegal 10 days ago. Safa has apparently wanted to sack the former SA Under-23 coach ever since he failed to qualify the team for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon. He will face a DC hearing and according to the insider, the meeting will be just a formality, as Mashaba&rsquo;s fate has already been decided. &ldquo;We want a South African coach,&rdquo; said SunSport&rsquo;s source. &ldquo;And we&rsquo;ve made that very clear. We want Vision 2022 to continue. Pitso Mosimane is the best in South Africa. But he is comfortable at Mamelodi Sundowns and is building a big legacy for himself on the continent. He is well paid and well looked after at Sundowns. I doubt he will want to leave and come back to Safa. &ldquo;That makes De Sa tempting for Safa. De Sa has some Caf experience after he guided Orlando Pirates to the Champions League finals against Al Ahly in 2013. He was also assistant coach of Bafana at the 2004 Afcon in Tunisia. So this won&rsquo;t be new territory for him. His attitude is far better than Mashaba&rsquo;s and he will have ample time to prepare for the next World Cup qualifier in August.&rdquo;Eric Tinkler&rsquo;s name has also been bandied about but the former Bafana hardman is on a mission to turn Cape Town City into a formidable side in the PSL.The Safa informant added that they were also in the process of changing the system that saw the senior national coach appointing coaches for the SA Under-23 and the SA Under-20 sides. Owen Da Gama and Thabo Senong were brought in by Mashaba as coaches for the SA Under-23 and the SA Under-20 teams respectively. &ldquo;That system is flawed,&rdquo; the source said. &ldquo;If Mashaba goes, those coaches must follow as well. It did not work and it was a mistake. All the national coaches must report to the Technical Director (Neil Tovey) and not the CEO (Dennis Mumble). &ldquo;Going forward, the technical committee must interview and appoint coaches for those two divisions &ndash; that&rsquo;s how it is done in top footballing countries in the world.&rdquo;