THE BLOODIED body of a young gang boss lay on the ground, hacked to death by a rival gang in a revenge attack.&nbsp; It was part of a dark day of violence as young men rampaged through the kasi streets.&nbsp; RESIDENTS WERE LEFT HIDING AS SHACKS AND HOUSES WENT UP IN FLAMES.&nbsp; The origins of the turf war raging in Bophelong, in the Vaal, south of Joburg are uncertain, but the effect is very real. Community members watched helplessly as a leader of the Diamonds gang was hacked to death with an axe at a local sportsground on Sunday. It appears the Diamonds had killed a member of the Mopheme gang from a neighbouring kasi called Tshirela.&nbsp; Seeking revenge, the Mopheme gang went in search of Diamonds members and found the alleged leader at the sportsground.&nbsp; They killed him in full view of the community. Then the two rival gangs roamed through the kasi, spreading fear and devastation. By the time the sun had set, a house and three shacks had been destroyed. Two young men were hacked with pangas and are said to be in hospital. The father of one of the Diamonds gang members said his house was burned down because his son&rsquo;s friends were fighting in the kasi. &ldquo;Three men came on Sunday morning and told me they were going to burn down my house because of what my son&rsquo;s friends had done. &ldquo;They came here armed with pangas and torched my home and the shacks in the yard that belong to my tenants.&rdquo;&nbsp; He said the gang members told him the fight was connected with an initiation school. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s about who is smarter than whom, and who is braver than the next person. What did I do to become part of this violence?&rdquo; he asked. The owner of a damaged tavern told Daily Sun this war has been coming for a long time. &ldquo;These boys come here to booze. You can hear the whispers when they are planning their evil. I reported the matter to the local police but they didn&rsquo;t take me seriously. Now this thing is out of hand.&rdquo; A resident said the fighting is a long way from over because members of each gang keep saying they won&rsquo;t stop until they have killed members of the other gang. Police Sergeant Gertrude Makhale said two cases of murder and two cases of arson had been opened at the Vanderbijlpark cop shop. &ldquo;One suspect has been arrested and brought in for questioning.&rdquo;&nbsp; &nbsp;