THE PROTEAS Test captain Faf du Plessis has described the 177-run win against Australia in the first Test at the WACA ground in Perth yesterday as &ldquo;the best match of my career&rdquo;. The Proteas put in a spirited performance with only two seamers after the injury to Dale Steyn, and go one-up in the three-match series that moves to Hobart later this week. &ldquo;In my career, that has been one of the most special days I have been involved in,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;To turn it around after day one when we were under the pump and under a lot of pressure, and in the position that we were in &ndash; to turn it around on day two was one of the best days of cricket that I have been involved in.&ldquo;To be a seamer down for pretty much the whole Test match and to do what we have done . . . We always joke that if you lose a seamer in a three-seam attack it&rsquo;s 99% impossible to win a Test match, because there is just too much of a workload on the bowlers. &ldquo;Somehow we managed to do it. Obviously there is a lot of credit that must go to Kagiso Rabada, who put up his hand and bowled really well, and also to Keshav (Maharaj), he was the guy who relentlessly bowled in a good area and made sure we could rotate the guys from the other end and build a bit of pressure. That is right up there as one of the best Test matches of my career.&rdquo;This is the match where Rabada claimed his fourth five-wicket haul &ndash; all in the current calendar year &ndash; to bowl the Proteas to their third successive victory over Australia.It was Australia&rsquo;s first home Test defeat since the WACA match against the Proteas in 2012 and their fourth defeat in a row following their 3-0 series loss in Sri Lanka. It puts them under a lot of pressure heading to the second Test at Hobart&rsquo;s Bellerive Oval from Saturday.Rabada has now taken 34 wickets in only six matches this year &ndash; one of which was the weather-ruined match against New Zealand at Sahara Stadium Kingsmead &ndash; to be in seventh place among leading wicket-takers. And he has played fewer matches than anybody else. Remarkably, his second dismissal in the second innings &ndash; that of Australian captain Steve Smith &ndash; was only the 100th wicket of his entire first-class career.Rabada made the key initial breakthrough on the final day when he trapped Mitchell Marsh leg before wicket, opening the way to the lower-order, and then completed his five-wicket haul by dismissing Mitchell Starc with a superb Yorker length delivery.Rabada was named Man of the Match with other strong candidates being the centurions, JP Duminy and Dean Elgar.&ldquo;I&rsquo;m incredibly proud of him,&rdquo; Du Plessis said of Rabada. &ldquo;I have a lot of respect for anyone who puts up their hand and does the hard yards. KG just wanted the ball, every time I asked him if he was tired or done he said &lsquo;no, you&rsquo;re not taking the ball out of my hand&rsquo;. &ldquo;That is a sign of a champion bowler for me.&rdquo;