THE LITTLE ones must have thought they were in for an early Christmas treat when the kind stranger handed out sweets. But instead they have had a dangerous reminder of an important lesson. THEY KNOW WHY THEIR PARENTS TELL THEM: &ldquo;NEVER ACCEPT SWEETS FROM A STRANGER!More than 20 children from a primary school in The Hills, south of Joburg, were rushed to hospital when they complained of stomach pains at the school yesterday. Authorities at the school said the mystery man arrived at the playground on Tuesday and handed out the sweets, which the children happily ate. The sweets were allegedly laced with drugs.Michael Sun, City of Joburg member of the mayoral committee for community safety, confirmed that JMPD officers were sent out to the school when they received reports of the poisoning.Sun said authorities were busy investigating the case and the person who gave the sweets to the children would face the might of the law. &ldquo;Most of the pupils who ate the sweets were complaining about abdominal pain as well as nausea and vomiting,&rdquo; he said.ER24 spokesman Russel Meiring said several vehicles were immediately dispatched to the school. &ldquo;Paramedics, along with other services, were immediately sent to the sick children,&rdquo; he said.The patients were treated and then transported to South Rand and Baragwanath hospitals for urgent care. Meiring confirmed that the children had suffered stomach pains as well as nausea and vomiting.&ldquo;The children later told paramedics that they had apparently been given sweets by an unknown man the previous day,&rdquo; said Meiring. &ldquo;We urge parents to teach their children not to accept sweets or gifts from strangers.&rdquo;Meiring said the hospital report would tell what kind of poison or drugs were in the sweets.&nbsp; &ldquo;We cannot tell at this stage what was in the sweets.&ldquo;The results from the hospital will tell us what caused the problem.&rdquo; Joburg&rsquo;s Emergency Management Services spokeswoman Nana Radebe said they had received a call around midday about the poisonings at the school.&nbsp;&ldquo;When officials arrived at the school all the children had already been taken to health facilities by other emergency services,&rdquo; she said. Gauteng police spokesman Captain Kay Makhubela said Moffat View cops were investigating a case of attempted murder after 23 children were taken to hospital at Suidheuwels Primary School.&nbsp;&ldquo;No one has been arrested and investigations continue,&rdquo; said Makhubela.