GOSPEL star Thinah Zungu&rsquo;s fans are fuming.This after their favourite songbird wasn&rsquo;t nominated for this year&rsquo;s SABC Crown Gospel Music Awards.The gospel star&rsquo;s fans believe Thinah&rsquo;s new album, The Living Testimony, is a hit and deserves recognition.Besides fans who are unhappy, those close to the singer revealed he&rsquo;s also disappointed.Sources said Thinah was looking forward to be nominated and compete in important categories like Best Gospel Artist and Best Gospel Album.A source told People&rsquo;s Paper: &ldquo;But he was among popular gospel artists who didn&rsquo;t get a single nomination.&rdquo;The Nginguthandiwe hitmaker took to Facebook to express his disappointment.He posted: No nomination, but this is still the best album. It gives people hope and brings life to others, angipheli mandla. The journey continues. Go and get your copy and be my witness. Thanks for your support.His fans comforted him, some criticised organisers of the awards.Mvuseleleo Mkhize wrote: Why is this album not nominated? Kanti kunjani eSouth Africa, guys?Yoh, I give up with these nominations.Nathi Swhabangu commented: Nominations or not, we&rsquo;re still blessed.Zukiswa Sidzumo posted: By listening to your album, our souls nominate you. Believe it or not, you bless us.A source told Sunday Sun Thinah was excited before the event.&ldquo;Before the nomination event, he posted on Facebook, saying he couldn&rsquo;t wait for the night.&ldquo;He was sure his name would be mentioned several times on the nomination list,&rdquo; said the source.Another source close to the singer said Thinah released the album exclusively for the awards.The second source said: &ldquo;Thinah usually releases albums shortly before the Crowns. In 2014 he worked hard because he wanted to release the album, Nginguthandiwe, a few months before the Crowns nomination entries were opened.&ldquo;He loves the awards which he thinks open doors for artists as they are the biggest gospel awards in Mzansi.&rdquo;Khaya Mthethwa and DR Tumi dominated the nominations.Khaya got seven nominations while Dr Tumi got nine. The ceremony takes place on 27 November at the Durban Inkosi Albert Luthuli International Convention Centre. &ldquo;If you&rsquo;re an artist and you&rsquo;re not nominated for the awards, you&rsquo;re disappointed,&rdquo; Thinah said. Founder of Crown Gospel Awards, Zanele Mbokazi-Nkambule, said she won&rsquo;t comment on social network posts.