BAFANA Bafana coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba, has described Bafana&rsquo;s win over Senegal as a new lease on life for his reign as head coach. Bafana breathed life into their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a crucial 2-1 victory over the Lions of Teranga at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane at the weekend. The relief was visible on Mashaba&rsquo;s face, after the vital win, as his career as Bafana coach was hanging in the balance. A dubious first-half penalty converted by skipper Thulani Hlatshwayo and a great finish by Thulani Serero extended Mashaba&rsquo;s reign as coach. Bafana are second in the group, equal on four points with Burkina Faso after two matches. Burkina Faso have a better goal difference. Senegal are third with three points and Cape Verde Island are bottom of Group D with no points. Burkina Faso rocked Cape Verde by scoring twice in the first half in Praia, then survived severe pressure in the second half for a 2-0 away victory. Bafana also survived a big scare after the Lions of Teranga made a late charge in the second half. But they will be going into their back-to-back games against Cape Verde in August 2017 high in confidence. A relieved Mashaba said: &ldquo;What does this win mean to me? It&rsquo;s a second lease on life because I was dead already. This win came at the right time, when I needed it most. We had to win the game to increase our chances of going to Russia.&rdquo; Senegalese officials were not amused by Ghananian referee Joseph Lamptey, however, and the match official needed the help of security guards to get off the pitch. The officials were unhappy with the referee&rsquo;s decision to award the home team a questionable penalty in the first half. Mashaba admitted Bafana were lucky to get the spot kick, but a gift is a gift, he said, and they had no choice but to accept it. The Bafana coach emphasised the importance of going to Dakar to play Senegal in 2017 in full command of the group. He said: &ldquo;After seeing what happened on the pitch it is important to go to Dakar leading the group by a couple of points, because it&rsquo;s going to be war out there. &ldquo;It will be tougher than it was here at home.&rdquo; Mashaba is also worried that the team could lose their momentum as the qualifiers will only resume in August next year. He had some harsh words for the doubting Thomases who criticised him and thought his fate was sealed even before the Senegal showdown. He said: &ldquo;If they are doubting Thomases, I know about them. You can do everything right but people will keep doubting you. I believe it&rsquo;s a lack of respect towards me.&rdquo;