MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane is adamant that Keagan Dolly is not yet ready to play in any of the big European leagues.Despite the fact that Dolly has played a vital role in helping the Brazilians claim the Absa Premiership title last season and the Caf Champions League trophy recently, Mosimane reckons the 23-year-old still has a lot to learn domestically before he should make a move. Mosimane made this statement after his side, sporting the African champions star on their jersey for the first time on Saturday, beat Kaizer Chiefs 2-1 in a Premiership match at Loftus Versfeld.They came back from a goal down to snatch victory after Ramahlwe Mphahlele&rsquo;s opener was cancelled out by Tebogo Langerman in the first half. Sibusiso Vilakazi scored the winner.Dolly has caught the attention of a few European teams, including Greek side Olympiacos, rumoured to be interested in covering the buy-out clause on his current deal with Downs.&ldquo;Keagan needs one or two more years before he can think about (moving) overseas,&rdquo; argued Mosimane, whose side face Bloemfontein Celtic in their fifth match of the season at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Wednesday.&ldquo;He can go because everybody wants him, but he is not yet a product that&rsquo;s ready for Europe. Sometimes he dribbles when he is supposed to pass. &ldquo;I am in touch with the world. I know what&rsquo;s happening and I look after my players. Percy (Tau), Keagan and Khama (Billiat) sometimes still act young mentally. If I am wrong, then why is Bongani Zungu (who joined Portuguese side Vitoria Guimaraes) not playing?&rdquo;The former Bafana Bafana coach admitted that Dolly had shown maturity in the goal Langerman scored. He explained: &ldquo;He controlled the ball, waited and then released to Langerman. The coach added: &ldquo;Percy reminds me of Ronaldinho when he is happy. He just plays, has fun, which is good to see &ndash; but he forgets to score. At least he created a goal for Villa (Vilakazi), but needs one more year &ndash; he will get there.&rdquo;Mosimane is happy that his charges are regaining the form that saw them gain respect all over continent. Downs are climbing up the table having collected seven points from four outings.The coach added: &ldquo;We started well and controlled it. Their mentality is right, they played the same way as last week against SuperSport United (losing on penalties in the Telkom Knockout). &ldquo;We set the tempo, we put pressure on the opponents and pushed them into one half. Our strength is at wingback and I was surprised that we could get so much space when opponents know that. There is no left-back or right-back in their pattern, so if you go in and get right, you will score.&rdquo;