WITH both teams eliminated from the Telkom Knockout competition, the focus for Mamelodi Sundowns and Kaizer Chiefs has now shifted 100% to their Absa Premiership campaign. The Brazilians are still playing catch-up in the league as a result of their participation in the Caf Champions League. They host Amakhosi in the pick of the weekend&rsquo;s Premiership matches at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday (3.30pm). The Soweto giants trail log leaders Bidvest Wits by one point after eight matches. Chiefs are third in the table with 15 points, while the Tshwane giants are second from bottom with four points from three games. Brazilians coach Pitso Mosimane, who is friends with Amakhosi coach Steve Komphela, will also renew his rivalry with his friend. The Tshwane giants wrestled the league championship title away from Amakhosi last season and also defeated them 3-1 in the Telkom Knockout final in December last year.Mosimane said their exit from the domestic cup competition in the Tshwane derby against rivals SuperSport United was a blessing in disguise.Mosimane&rsquo;s charges still have a lot of catching up to do in the league.&ldquo;We have to focus on our league campaign,&rdquo; he previously said. &ldquo;We want to use this opportunity to play catch-up. Other teams are up there at the top while we are at the bottom because of the Champions League schedule.&ldquo;We simply have to focus on the league.&rdquo;The&nbsp;Brazilians&nbsp;have already lost once at Loftus Versfeld in the league when they went down 2-1 to Cape Town City last month.In an attempt to keep his squad fresh, Mosimane has been rotating his players in the starting lineup as games keep coming thick and fast.He is not one to use fatigue as an excuse. The coach said: &ldquo;We are not tired. I&rsquo;m rotating these players to ensure a lot of our new signings get some action too.&rdquo;Both teams were booted from the competition after a penalty shoot-out.Amakhosi&nbsp;lost to Free State Stars. But the Fifa international break has given them ample time to recover and prepare for the weekend&rsquo;s big match.