THE POSITIVE mood in the Banyana Banyana camp, which was evident from all the smiles during their departure from OR Tambo International airport yesterday, is a clear indication that Mzansi&rsquo;s girls feel ready to conquer the Africa Women&rsquo;s Cup of Nations in Cameroon. Gold seems to be the common goal for the determined senior national women&rsquo;s team, who finished a disappointing fourth in the last edition of the tournament.South Africa will kick off their campaign against neighbours Zimbabwe at the Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo in Yaounde on Saturday (7.30pm SA time).Hosts Cameroon and Egypt are also in Banyana&rsquo;s group, while defending champions Nigeria, Mali, Kenya and Ghana are in Group B. The Women&rsquo;s Afcon starts on Saturday and ends on 3 December.Banyana goalkeeper Andile Dlamini said she had been working hard to win the No 1 jersey and represent the country with courage. In the 2014 edition, the Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies player didn&rsquo;t touch a ball, as she was only the third choice keeper in the team after Roxanne Barker and Thoko Mndaweni. This year she again has Netherlands-based Barker as well as Yolula Tsawe to battle with for the coveted position. Said Dlamini: &ldquo;It hasn&rsquo;t been easy, fighting for the No 1 position. I have to work hard. &ldquo;Yolula has been pushing me hard &ndash; we have been pushing each other. All the best to whomever gets to play at the tournament. Everyone wants to play for the national team and everyone wants to start. &ldquo;It would mean the world to me, I would like to start and play for my country.&rdquo;The 24-year-old put her foot forward in Banyana&rsquo;s 3-0 victory over the Mighty Warriors in their last preparation match. She said her performance had boosted her morale ahead of the tournament.&ldquo;It has built my confidence because Zimbabwe are tough contenders. Playing them at their home ground and not conceding a single goal should boost your confidence. I told myself the result should give me a boost going forward,&rdquo; she added. Coach Desiree Ellis said they would work hard to win the tournament for the South African fans who have been supporting the team. Said Ellis: &ldquo;The players have put in a lot, not just in the past two-and-a-half years but even before that. &ldquo;But the most important player is our &lsquo;12th man&rsquo;. I didn&rsquo;t realise the fans loved this team so much until I saw it for myself on social media. &ldquo;It would be fantastic to win it for them, and for Safa and Sasol for the support they have given the team.&rdquo;