KAIZER Chiefs head coach, Steve Komphela, reckons his lads are brave enough to see out the enthusiastic Baroka FC. Amakhosi still has the&nbsp; recollection of what transpired the last played Baroka back in 2011.Baroka, were still playing their trade in the NFD when they eliminated Amakhosi in the Nedbank Cup by beating them 2-1 in a full packed Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane. Five years later in the Absa Premiership,&nbsp; the two will square up for the second time in the competitive match. This match is at Durban's Moses Mabhida Stadium tonight (7.30pm). Chiefs mentor understands that Baroka will come at them firing in all cylinders. "It's their funeral if they come at us with the same mentality they had last time. Sometimes being full of enthusiasm can be a curse because your approach could deceive you. We understand how they could be approaching this match and we ready for them. We are not the same Kazier Chiefs they played back in 2011," said Komphela Coming from a Soweto derby draw, Amakhosi captain Itumeleng Khule, who was in poles against Baroka&nbsp; and conceded those two goals, said he knows what is expected of him in this match. "This match is not about pay back or something like that. All we know is that we need to win the match and continue with our good run of form. I do know our supporters will be expecting a lot from us and we also want to keep them happy," said Khune, who said losing against Baroka was one of the saddest days in his career and doesn't want to go through that. Chiefs are equal with points Golden Arrows at the table. Komphela said he everytime he look at the log table he is reminded of that and they can't afford to drop more points. "As much as we understand that Arrows are not giving us the breathing space but we don't really care about what they do. We have our own marathon we are running and that goes the same with them. We are doing our own things and we don't have time to go and look at our neighbors pot and see what are they cooking. We have our pot to cook," added Komphela. The coach also mentioned that he could continue using the same players who drew with Orlando Pirates on Saturday. He said having George Maluleke back from suspension is a great headache. "Keagan Buchanan did well felling in for the absent Maluleke. But I can't just drop him (Buchanan) for the sake of George. Remember we still have Lucky Baloyi and Innocent Mkhabela who are waiting and doing well too. So it's the headache that is great for any coach to have. We will see who are going use against Baroka," ended Komphela.