ETHIOPIAN long-distance athlete Sintayehu Yinesu has made history by becoming the first runner to win the Soweto Marathon three times in a row.He held the back-to-back record with Elijah Mutandiro, who won it in 2002 and 2003. Yinesu beat Lesotho&rsquo;s Tshepo Mathibelle, who led the race and looked to be running away with it, while his fellow-countryman, Seutloali Khoarahlane, came third. He crossed the finish line in 2:20:44, debutant Mathibelle followed in 2:21:46 and Khoarahlane crossed in 2:23:22.The Ethiopian said that although the new route was tougher than the previous one, he was glad to have defended his title. He said he was struggling with a hamstring injury while preparing for the race.Said Yinesu: &ldquo;This is my second home now. I&rsquo;m happy to have won the race three times, especially since I had an injury just a few days before the race. I had to work hard and run on a lot of hills to get ready. Thanks to my coach for helping me get ready in time.&rdquo; Mathibelle said the steep hills were where he felt more relaxed and pushed himself harder. He said he was pleased with his time in his first-ever Soweto Marathon. Said Mathibelle: &ldquo;I am really proud of my time in my first Soweto run. I used to watch it but I&rsquo;m glad I have finally taken part. Hopefully I will be back again next year. Maybe I can do better!&rdquo; Meanwhile, Selam Alebachew from Ethiopia won the women&rsquo;s race, followed by Chelitu Bogale Asefa in second place and South Africa&rsquo;s Irvette van Zyl third. Van Zyl, who missed the Olympic marathon due to a foot injury, said her ambition to take part in this race had paid off. She said she only decided to compete in the race four weeks ago. Said Van Zyl: &ldquo;I was overeager when I made the decision to run the race, coming back from the injury I had. I think my training time was too short for this kind of marathon, but I am happy to have come third. I would have loved to win it, but my tactics didn&rsquo;t work today.&rdquo;