TWO men found guilty of aggravated robbery, gang raping two young women next to a cemetery, and terrorising a local community have each been sentenced to 25 years in prison.Mandla Matsane (27) and Sthembiso Maphanga (28) from Jerusalem Trust outside Mbombela in Mpumalanga, were sentenced by the Nelspruit Regional Court on Tuesday. They pleaded not guilty to two counts of rape and two counts of robbery with aggravating circumstances.Magistrate Vanessa Joubert said the two accused had grabbed the victims - aged 18 and 23 - on 28 April 2012 at gunpoint. They had dragged them to various sites, where they robbed them of their belongings and gang raped them."The two complainants were crying when giving evidence in court. After four years, they are still traumatised and shocked. They expressed fear about what will happen if the two accused are released. They suffered severe emotional scars, although they sustained no physical injuries," said Joubert.The magistrate said the first victim had been returning from her brother&rsquo;s birthday party around 12.35am. When she reached her uncle&rsquo;s yard and was about to knock on the door, the two accused attacked her. Matsane grabbed her, while Maphanga fired a shot into the air after her uncle opened the door."You dragged her to a place next to a cemetery, where you took turns and gang raped her. You then robbed her of her Nokia cellphone. You walked with her on the street where you met a group of people. Accused two (Maphanga) fired a shot in the air and, as the people escaped, accused one grabbed the second victim," said Joubert.She said they proceeded with the two victims to a place next to a church, where they raped the second complainant. She was also robbed of her cellphone and R70 in cash. The complainants went to a nearby house after they were released and reported the incident."Five witnesses who were with the second victim testified. Two more people said they were robbed by the two accused that night. The witnesses confirmed the accused were armed with a firearm. Everybody was violated and shots were fired at whoever they came across," she said.Joubert sentenced the accused to 20 years and five years for raping and robbing the first complainant and another 20 years and five years for the same counts in respect of the second complainant. &nbsp;http://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/gang-rapists-who-terrorised-community-get-25-years-20161124