EVER found yourself going blank at an exam question even though you should know the material by heart?That happens to many students, especially when there is a lot of work they need to know while they are under the pressure of an exam.Dr Gillian Mooney, teaching and learning manager at the Independent Institute of Education, told SunEducation that some people hit that dreaded blank wall &ndash; the inability to recall information &ndash; despite months of solid preparation and dedicated study.Mooney said the clinical logistics of the exam environment can be unfamiliar and intimidating, which could trigger the memory panic.&ldquo;The environment is often a formal one, with rules about where to sit, what you can do, and what you can have with you. It is quite normal to experience exam nerves in an examination venue,&rdquo; she said.She said by doing the following, you can avoid runaway anxiety: Be diligentWhen you get the paper, carefully read through all the instructions and every page of the paper. Do NOT panicIf you feel panicked, take long, slow and deep breaths. This will calm you physically. Getting the physical panic under control is an important step in calming your mind. Calm down Give yourself a positive, motivational mental talk by repeating to yourself &ldquo;I am calm. I have worked hard. I know my work&rdquo;. You can also give yourself this talk while taking deep breaths. Get back to business Once you are feeling a bit calmer go back to the questions that you believed that you could not answer. Visualise If you cannot remember any of the material, try to use some memory tricks to help you. Often thinking about the context of the material can help you to remember it by linked associations. Reconstruct your memories If you are able to write notes, do so and read these notes to see how the information that you have remembered relates to the question. Remember the big picture Keep in mind exams determine your ability to answer questions. Simply try to answer the question from a common sense perspective.And always remember not to be too hard on yourself. Everyone forgets and everyone makes mistakes. It is okay. If all else fails, calm yourself with happy thoughts such as what you will do when the exams are over.