FOR years Mavis Blaauw loved her beer and umqombothi, although it affected her relationships.And she still didn&rsquo;t quit boozing after being diagnosed with high blood pressure in 2014.But a severe stroke that year nearly killed her and now the 46-year-old is warning others not to make the same mistake.&ldquo;I took the treatment as I was told but I really missed my booze. Last year I gave in to my bad habit and quit treatment. &ldquo;I drank like never before. But things went bad for me in January when I suffered a terrible stroke. &ldquo;I was sure I was going to die.&rdquo;Her sister Nomalizo takes her care of her in her modest home in Zakhele kasi in the small farm town of Rhodes near Barkley East. When Mavis&rsquo; health deteriorated in 2014 and she was diagnosed with high blood pressure, she moved from Barkley East to stay with her sister. Her sister Nomalizo (67) from Barkly East said Mavis couldn&rsquo;t walk, talk or do anything for three months. &ldquo;She now can talk just so you can hear but loses her concentration. Her walking stick helps her to stand, but for no more than two minutes.&rdquo;Nomalizo is Mavis&rsquo; only remaining family member, and quit her job to take care of her.&ldquo;Boozing has ruined my life, but by God&rsquo;s grace I am alive,&rdquo; said Mavis who wants to warn SunLanders, especially parents, to value their health and respect what doctors prescribe for them.&ldquo;Booze has been on this earth longer than us and we will leave it here when we die. But do not push yourselves into an early grave. Doctors showed me how I could control my blood pressure but I went and nearly killed myself with more boozing. As parents we must also earn our children&rsquo;s respect. They must see us living in a way which shows them right from wrong. It will ruin your life.&rdquo; Nomalizo said she is happy to see her sister recovering and booze-free for the first time. &ldquo;I am watching her like a hawk. She knows that if she dares to hit the bottle again I will take her to an old-age home. &ldquo;I have sacrificed a lot because of her boozing ways.&rdquo;