WITH games coming thick and fast for Mamelodi Sundowns, coach Pitso Mosimane says their Telkom Knockout elimination is a blessing in disguise. The cup holders were sent packing by arch-rivals SuperSport United in their Tshwane derby quarterfinal at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Saturday. SuperSport won 3-1 on penalties after the game ended goalless following extra time. The Premiership champions have a lot of catching up to do in the league, as they are six games behind. The Brazilians also have a trip to the Club World Cup in Japan to look forward to next month. Mosimane, who has admitted in the past that he is a bad loser, said their exit from the competition would give his team some much-needed breathing space to focus on their league campaign. Matsatsantsa a Pitori made it to the semifinals after playing with 10 men for almost an hour. Defender Onismor Bhasera was sent off by referee Victor Gomes. It was Matsatsantsa&rsquo;s first win in the derby in three years and comes after a run of bad results for them. They had earlier lost seven derbies in a row in all competitions. Anthony Laffor had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside in extra time and Mosimane said luck was not on his side. In the shootout Mosimane watched as Laffor put his penalty over the bar, while Sibusiso Vilakazi and Thabo Nthethe had their efforts saved by SuperSport goalkeeper Ronwen Williams. Matsatsantsa converted all their spot kicks. Mosimane said: &ldquo;Our elimination is good for the league. We will shift our focus back to the league now. My players are also thinking about Japan but first we have to focus on climbing up the table in the league.&rdquo; Commenting on Laffor&rsquo;s disallowed goal, he said: &ldquo;You know me, I&rsquo;m a bad loser. You don&rsquo;t want to be next to me when I lose a game. But we have to accept defeat &ndash; what can I do. I thought the goal was good.&rdquo; Baxter said he had enjoyed the past week for a number of reasons. His team thumped Orlando Pirates 6-1 in the Premiership and went on to end their three-year drought against Downs with a spirited performance in the same week. Matsatsantsa appear to have found their rhythm and Baxter insists there is more to come. The coach, who was pleased with his players&rsquo; attitude, praised them for showing character against the African champions. Baxter said: &ldquo;The first 45 minutes was probably the worst I have seen since my appointment here. But we improved in the second half and held our nerve in the shootout against the best team on the continent. &ldquo;The players did a fantastic job.&rdquo; Baxter also lauded Man of the Match and star midfielder Reneilwe Letsholonyane: &ldquo;He just wants to enjoy himself, he just wants to play. He is a terrific player.&rdquo;