THE South African Players Union (Safpu) staff have been left jobless after being kicked out of the office building due to the failure by management to pay rent.SunSport has reliably learnt that Safpu owes Cosatu, who leased the building more than R100 000 for unpaid rent. As if that was not enough, General Secretary Thulaganyo Gaushubelwe has left the staff and players in the lurch by catching a flight to Europe when the crisis erupted.According to insiders who asked to remain anonymous, the Union was kicked out on 3 November for the second time within six months.Explained the insider: &ldquo;Cosatu closed the building on 3 November and no one was allowed to enter the building.&nbsp; The Secretary General was also around when it happened. But instead of sorting out the problem he became a coward and opted to leave the country the following day.&ldquo;The players are suffering because they come to the offices daily to find closed doors and no one has bothered to give them an explanation what is going on. It&rsquo;s not fair that their home is now closed, where will they go if they have problems? The same thing happened in May as office locks were changed after we got kicked out.&rdquo; Another insider revealed that Safpu president Tebogo Monyai and Gaushubelwe have allegedly enriched their pockets instead of paying rent.&ldquo;Safpu make about R7 million a year from Fifpro (International Federation of Professional Footballers) and I am shocked they can&rsquo;t afford to pay rent of a mere R10 000 a month. If Thulaganyo is not around the president can inquire how much they owe Cosatu and sort out the mess. It shows that there is only one man running the show at Safpu. Now we understand what Lovers Mohlala was talking about when he said there is mismanagement of funds at Safpu. Players are suffering while Tebogo and Thulaganyo are busy chowing money. They bought a car worth R236 000 for themselves with the company&rsquo;s money instead of paying rent.&rdquo; However, Monyai revealed that their offices are now operating as normal as there was a misunderstanding, while insiders insist that the crisis at Safpu are still far from getting resolved.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s true that our offices were locked on Thursday and Friday. There was a misunderstanding and we started operating again on Wednesday after we sorted out the issue. We inherited dept of R1 million from the previous regime. We have now reduced the dept to R400 000. We made payment in September of R100 000 and we agreed to make another payment in the second week of November.&rdquo;BOYCOTT PLAYERS UNION: MOHLALA!