CAPE Town City&rsquo;s fairy-tale start to life in the Premier Soccer League continues, with the new club making history in just four months.All credit to head coach Eric Tinkler, whose charges sit joint top of the Absa Premiership table and on Saturday won through to their first final when they thumped Free State Stars 4-1 in the Telkom Knockout semifinals at the Athlone Stadium.CT City will play SuperSport United in the 10 December final. Matsatsantsa edged Orlando Pirates 1-0 in Saturday&rsquo;s other semifinal at Mbombela Stadium.Tinkler joined the new franchise in the off-season, days after chairman John Comitis had bought MP Black Aces&rsquo; franchise and relocated the team to the Mother City.Tinkler received praise from SuperSport coach Stuart Baxter who claimed the Nedbank Cup after beating Pirates 3-2 in May and has gone four matches unbeaten against Bucs. Baxter is looking forward to his second final since joining Matsatsantsa at the end of January. He won two doubles (league and cup) as head coach of Kaizer Chiefs.He said: &ldquo;Eric has moulded a really well balanced side. He is a smart coach, having gone through a tough apprenticeship with Pirates. They will be formidable opponents in the final.&rdquo;On Pirates, Baxter said: &ldquo;I thought we deserved to be in the final. They are a skilful side but we created more chances.&rdquo;Neither Tinkler nor Baxter will allow their players to rest on their laurels. City face a gruelling four days in Joburg, where they play Chiefs at the FNB Stadium tomorrow and meet co-leaders Bidvest Wits at the Bidvest Stadium on Friday in what promises to be a juicy top-of-the-table clash.Baxter has a date with Wits at Mbombela Stadium tomorrow and travel to the Free State capital on Sunday to play Bloemfontein Celtic.Said Tinkler: &ldquo;Our focus is back on the league &ndash; the cup final will be on the back burner.&rdquo;Baxter stressed: &ldquo;We have two tough league matches before we can start thinking of the final.&rdquo;On his success so far this season, Tinkler said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s been an amazing journey. The players have been fantastic. Reaching a final in such a short space of the club being formed is historic. But we want to go one further and win the TKO final.&rdquo;Tinkler said Matsatsantsa would be a tough assignment and rates Baxter highly: &ldquo;I had hoped to play Pirates in the final. I reckon United are the form side and will be the tougher of the two. I&rsquo;m looking forward to meeting SuperSport. &ldquo;I have the greatest respect for Stuart. He is a great tactician and a top class coach. Both teams enjoy attacking football, which will make for a memorable final.&rdquo;