A WAR has broken out between the state&rsquo;s security agencies after details of an alleged meeting to plot President Jacob Zuma&rsquo;s removal came to light yesterday.&nbsp; If Gauteng Hawks boss Major-General Prince Mokotedi has his way, Robert McBride and others will be charged with high treason, espionage, conspiracy to commit murder, corruption, intimidation and harassment, defeating the ends of justice, tax evasion and contravening immigration laws. In an affidavit, Mokotedi revealed how a group wanted him and national Hawks boss Lieutenant-General Mthandazo Ntlemeza assassinated. Mokotedi has laid charges against the group led by Independent Police Investigative Directorate head Robert McBride.&nbsp; Other members of the group allegedly include former Gauteng Hawks boss Shadrack Sibiya, private investigator Paul O&rsquo;Sullivan and crime intelligence official Captain Candice Coetzee. Mokotedi alleged the plot was discussed in one of the meetings that took place at a house formerly owned by Radovan Krejcir, which now apparently belongs to O&rsquo;Sullivan.&nbsp; The meeting which took place on 3 December apparently also included representatives of AfriForum and the DA.&nbsp; This information, according to Mokotedi, is contained in an intelligence report dated 12 December. At a responding press conference, McBride challenged Mokotedi to a live polygraph test on TV.&nbsp; &ldquo;Truth cannot be changed with smoke and mirrors,&rdquo; he said. McBride said this move didn&rsquo;t surprise him as he was investigating Ntlemeza and acting police commissioner General Khomotso Phahlane for defeating the ends of justice. Sibiya confirmed the 3 December meeting to Mail &amp; Guardian but denied plot discussions.&nbsp; He said Mokotedi wants to give Police Minister Nathi Nhleko reason to suspend McBride. In his affidavit, Mokotedi claims that the four plotted to: - Murder him and Ntlemeza. - &nbsp;Use information gathered about the president&rsquo;s son Duduzane Zuma to to pressurise the president into quitting office. - &thinsp;To mobilise a revolt in the country. - &nbsp;To remove the president through a&nbsp;popular revolt.