T HIS time of year may be jolly and festive for most, but for nyatsis and girlfriends of married men, it&rsquo;s depressing.These girls see happy families everywhere they look. Happy, smiling nuclear families on posters and postcards full of cheer, as the season to be jolly rolls on.The nyatsi is miserable because she won&rsquo;t be going on vacation with her man &ndash; as he&rsquo;s on duty. This is a hurtful time of the year for nyatsis of this world.They&rsquo;re popping pills and trembling because there&rsquo;s no cash for relaxer, wigs, weaves or extensions, simply because he&rsquo;s spending quality time with the wife and kids.Daddy had to go and leave his side dish to stew alone and brood, while he carries out his husbandly and parental duties. And you should take your own pictures. Shame, poor nyatsis are alone in December!Maybe they should congregate at a resort and exchange notes across the table during a national nyatsi conference!Lonely ladies, please don&rsquo;t take your frustrations out on Uber drivers or waiters.Listen up, nyatsis &ndash; here&rsquo;s my advice for girls who are willing to sacrifice their youth for cash.Read carefully, and you might find tips on surviving Xmas without someone&rsquo;s husband: Stop dating married men and enjoy freedom.) Repent and seek God for forgiveness.) Find your own man.If you can&rsquo;t kick the blessee habit, make sure: You&rsquo;ve accumulated enough of his cash during the year, so your cash flow doesn&rsquo;t slow to a drip.) You have your own card which he pays. It&rsquo;s all about cash, boo. Hideous married men who think you do it for love are hilarious.) He never calls while he&rsquo;s away, which would interrupt your two-week shopping sprees with the card.) You&rsquo;re at a spa getting pampered while he&rsquo;s with the woman he gave cows for.) You take time to be with your mates and avoid his boring old conversation &ndash; even on the phone.) You choose the place you want him to buy you as you&rsquo;re supposed to be a woman of property.) You learn some new Kama Sutra positions you can teach him when he returns from family camp.Look ladies, Xmas time is for the family, and you never see a nyatsi on a Xmas card, trudging through the snow to Bethelem with the Three Wise Men.So keep a low-profile, choma! Know your place and have a wonderful time with his cash. Ho, ho, ho!