MAMELODI Sundowns&rsquo; hopes of reaching the Fifa Club World Cup semifinals were dashed here yesterday when they lost 2-0 to the host side Kashima Antlers at Suita City Stadium.Kashima midfielder Endo Yasushi and deadly striker Mu Kanazaki scored the second half goals that broke the hearts of Brazilian fans, who had braved the unbearable weather in Osaka hoping their team would secure a semifinal date against Colombian side Atletico Nacional at the same venue on Wednesday.The win for the hosts and J-League champions also crushed players&rsquo; dreams of a possible clash with Uefa Champions Real Madrid, who will face two-time reigning Concacaf champions Club America of Mexico in another semifinal showdown on Thursday.Downs, the African champs, will now play against AFC champions Jeonbuk Hyundai of Korea Republic in the losers&rsquo; match at the same venue on Wednesday. Hyundai lost 2-1 to Club America in the first quarterfinals match played earlier at the venue.Downs forced Kashima keeper Hitoshi Sogahata to make some great saves in the first half and should have picked their spots better. Khama Billiat and Percy Tau were the main culprits.However, Downs coach Pitso Mosimane insisted he was not disappointed by his charges&rsquo; performance.He said: &ldquo;It was a very good game of two halves. We are disappointed with the result but I am not unhappy with the performance. &ldquo;I am not happy with the finishing because when you leave it too late, you never know what will happen &ndash; and they punished us. We showed some inexperience in the final third. &ldquo;But we played exactly the way we wanted to and the game went as we expected it to. &ldquo;We need to come back and fight again in our last game.&rdquo;Both teams were making their first appearance at the tournament with impressive achievements. Mosimane is the first South African coach to lead a PSL club to continental glory. He made three changes to the squad that won the Caf Champions League, with Ricardo Nascimento replacing Thabo Nthethe in central defence and Thapelo Morena getting the nod ahead of Asavela Mbekile at right-back. Leonardo Castro played up-front in place of Anthony Laffor, who was introduced after the break.