PLATINUM Stars&rsquo; dismal home record in the Absa Premiership continues! Dikwena are still searching for their first home league win of the season after they were held to a goalless draw by Maritzburg United at the Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace yesterday. Dikwena came into this fixture high on confidence after they recorded their biggest win of the season against Cape Town City FC in mid-week. The North West based outfit sent a shock waves when they humiliated the newly crowned Telkom Knockout champions and Premiership pace setters 4-0 at their happy haunting ground at the Athlone Stadium. It was a much needed victory for the embattled coach Cavin Johnson. The Team of Choice also hogged the headlines when they stunned Soweto giants Orlando Pirates 2-1 at the Harry Gwala Stadium to register their first home win of the season. Dikwena had lost four matches on the trot before their surprise victory in the Mother City. Dikwena were beaten 3-2 by on-form Polokwane City in their last home match earlier this month. Johnson&rsquo;s men are going through a rough patch and losing five matches in their own turf is not a statistic to be proud off. Dikwena conceded eight goals scoring just four goals in six matches at home. The Team of Choice bagged two wins on the road out of five matches. The Kwa-Zulu Natal outfit&rsquo;s interim coach Fadlu Davids&rsquo; audition for the role of head coaching position seems to be on the right track. The win against Pirates saw the Team of Choice play an exciting brand of football. Davids took over the reins following the resignation of temperamental mentor Ernst Middendorp, who has since relocated to the Chinese Premier Division. Referee Victor Gomes gave the players four water breaks to cool off. The usually reliable and the Team of Choice driving force Kurt Lentjies and Dikwena&rsquo;s talisman Ndumiso Mabena, struggled to inspire their teams in a match that had little to offer in terms of goal scoring chances. Yesterday&rsquo;s other results:Chippa United 2 &ndash; 0 Highlands Park.