THEY save lives every day &ndash; but South African paramedics are risking their own lives in the process. In 2016 roughly 80 paramedics were attacked while on duty. Some of them died in the process. Joburg and Cape Town are the most dangerous.-&nbsp;In the Western Cape, two paramedics were held up at gunpoint on Tuesday morning while tending to a patient in Khayelitsha. Spokesman Robert Daniels said the paramedics are receiving counselling and the incident was reported to the South African Police Service for investigation. He said the paramedics were robbed of their cellphones, but no one was injured during the robbery.-&nbsp;In KZN on 25 September, an ER24 paramedic was assaulted and stabbed at an accident scene on Ohrtmann Road in Pietermaritzburg. -&nbsp;In Limpopo, Honnetsweng EMS and police were attacked by angry community members. The people were beating a driver whose vehicle had allegedly hit a bystander. The situation worsened when the crowd began to assault police and paramedics who arrived to help.-&nbsp;In the city of Joburg, paramedics were killed and some harassed in different ways. Joburg Emergency Services Management spokesman Robert Mulaudzi said in one incident, three paramedics were robbed while attending to a patient in Yeoville in the early hours of the morning. As the crews treated the patient in the ambulance, an armed man demanded their wallets and cellphones. In another case, paramedics attending to a patient in Hursthill were attacked by five armed men. The paramedics and the patient fled on foot to Brixton police station, leaving the robbers to take equipment from the ambulance.-&nbsp;In Midrand, Gauteng, a speeding motorist drove through an accident scene in June and and killed a paramedic who was attending to a &nbsp; &nbsp; patient at the side of the N1 highway. -&nbsp;In November two paramedics were hijacked and robbed in Eikenhof, south of Joburg. The thugs took the ambulance and used it to rob an orphanage.Mulaudzi said: &ldquo;There have been incidents in other parts of the country such as Khayelitsha and Ekurhuleni where EMS staff were also attacked.&rdquo;