It was a fitting grand finale for the SunBabe beauty contest!&nbsp; The 12 finalists didn&rsquo;t disappoint as they strutted their stuff on the catwalk in a bid to outclass each other. But at the end there could be only one winner.And Paulette Neo Kaise walked head-and-shoulders above the rest!She won the coveted crown in a glittering ceremony held at Meat Lounge in Sunninghill, Jozi, on Thursday evening.Paulette, who was the October SunBabe of the Month, couldn&rsquo;t believe her ears when the MC, DJ Tbo Touch, called out her name.The former Metro FM afternoon drive host was at his best and&nbsp;hosted the event as if he were on steroids! The budding model, who previously won the Miss Jozi beauty pageant, told the SunTeam she was excited to be the winner. But she revealed that she didn&rsquo;t see it coming.The glowing winner told Sunday Sun: &ldquo;This is the best moment of my life, and to be quite honest, I&rsquo;m shocked that I won! This was a great competition as I was up against the most beautiful girls. &ldquo;And I&rsquo;m grateful to everyone who voted for and supported me throughout. It really means a lot to me,&rdquo; she said.The 21-year-old Media Studies student from the North West said winning the competition will open doors for her.&ldquo;This is the beginning of great things. I want to inspire a lot of girls to dream and follow their dreams. It&rsquo;s possible if you believe in yourself and focus on what you want.&ldquo;This is my ticket to Miss South Africa or Miss World,&rdquo; added Paulette.First Princess, Fundiswa Nyokana, was also over the moon, saying she was excited and satisfied with the outcome.&ldquo;I think I did well and I&rsquo;m proud of myself,&rdquo; she said.Vangeline Peters was also equally proud of herself as Second Princess.&ldquo;The competition showed me that it helps to believe in yourself,&rdquo; she said.&nbsp;During the evening, guests were kept on their toes by great performances from award-winning artists. The first person to set the stage alight was Winnie Khumalo.She showed the world she has the moves as she performed her hit songs and her latest single titled Lazaru.&nbsp;The song got everyone dancing.Winnie said: &ldquo;You never get used to performing. It always feels like the first time. But I enjoyed myself!&rdquo;Vusi Nova picked up the ball and ran with it. His performance had guests salivating.As guests called for more, Dr Malinga came on and brought the house down with his high-energy kicking performance.Dr Malinga performed new tracks from his latest offering Goodwill which is a double disk album. According to him, through this new CD music lovers will get the best of both house and Afro-pop, wrapped into one album.He was followed by another award-winning group, Durban Nyts, who showed that their success was no accident. Then Afro-pop sensation, Nathi, came on to close the stage with a stunning performance.A humble Nathi said: &ldquo;I just love performing for the people, and to see them respond so well to what I&rsquo;m doing.&ldquo;At the end of the day, I&rsquo;m doing it for them,&rdquo; he concluded.