IT HAS been a tough year that will definitely go down in history as one of Mzansi&rsquo;s craziest.The war between the Hawks and Ipid had still not been called, with Robert McBride refusing to play ball, against the backdrop of the struggle between the National Treasury and President Jacob Zuma, with Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan being charged &ndash; and then having charges dropped after shock revelations.NPA head Shaun Abrahams had to eat humble pie, saying the case was not winnable in court. Chief in charge Zuma had to put out fires from fellow comrades and civil society as the calls for him to step down grew. The noise also reached the ANC National Executive Committee and Number One had to rely on those loyal to him to fight. After Tourism Minister Derek Hanekom asked Zuma to step down, the loyalists hightailed it to Gauteng from Mzwandile Masina&rsquo;s Stellenbosch wedding to help stem the tide, and party seniors added their voices to the call for Zupta to fall.Thuli versus Number OneZuma&rsquo;s lowest point came when the ConCourt delivered damning findings in the Nkandla case, finding that he violated his oath of office.Until then, he said while he didn&rsquo;t owe anyone anything. But on the first day of the hearings, Zuma offered to pay back!The ANC woke up on 4 August when municipal elections saw it lose Mzansi&rsquo;s largest metros to opposition coalitions, just holding on to Ekurhuleni.Advocate Thuli Madonsela remained a beacon of hope. The former public protector stood strong when faced with Zuma&rsquo;s resistance and drafted the State Capture report, allowing for a judicial commission of inquiry.A year of tearsThe nation bade farewell to some of its favourite stars. Racing driver Gugu Zulu&rsquo;s death touched many when he tried to summit Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. And people wept as kwaito star Mandoza died, days after he performed at Orlando Stadium, while actor Nyembezi Kunene of Emzini Wezinsizwa, former ANC treasurer general Makhenkesi Stofile and gospel star Sfiso Ncwane also died.Up in smokeThe country burned as students demanded free, &ldquo;decolonised&rdquo; education after the announcement of fees being capped at 8%. Students rejected the increase, but Wits and UCT went ahead with it. Over 830 students were bust.Hlaudi&rsquo;s tragicomedyDisgraced SABC COO Hlaudi Motsoeneng provided comic relief. After the court ruled that his appointment to his position was illegal, he told the Ancyl: &ldquo;I am the most powerful person in Mzansi.&rdquo;Bright starsWayde van Niekerk made us proud with a gold medal and a world record at the Olympics and 800m darling Caster Semenya also reached top spot. Mamelodi Sundowns conquered Africa!