WHEN IT comes to cars, government ministers just can&rsquo;t control their lust for a flashy ride.&nbsp; It seems thinking about buying cars makes them forget about the people.&nbsp; THE LATEST SPENDING SPREE IS COSTING R7 000 000 FOR JUST NINE DREAM CARS.&nbsp; It&rsquo;s a very merry Christmas for Rob Davies, Nathi Mthetwa, Faith Muthambi, Buti Manamela and Ayanda Dlodlo as they cruise the streets in their shiny new cars. When Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan announced new guidelines to limit the value of vehicle purchases for political office-bearers in this year&rsquo;s budget, he seemed to want to curb the lavish spending on cars. At the time he said the ministerial handbook dictated that vehicle purchases must not exceed R750 000 per vehicle, which rules out the million rand vehicles often associated with ministerial purchases in the past. As the end of the year approaches, the spending is picking up. This is despite the high unemployment rate, a drought that will have a huge impact on the price of mealie-meal, and an economic slowdown that is getting worse every day. Most of the purchases are within the parliamentary limit and it is clear the ministers have studied the guidelines very carefully, doing their best to get as close to the limit as possible without breaking the rules.&nbsp; But what&rsquo;s shocking is that guidelines allow ministers to buy TWO cars &ndash;&ensp;one to use in Cape Town and another in Pretoria! According to the Democratic Alliance, the R7 million budgeted for nine new ministerial vehicles is &ldquo;wasteful expenditure.&rdquo; While the amount approved for cars is in the millions, it costs R54 000 to build an RDP house and about R60 million to build a complete school with all the necessary resources and facilities. The ministers and their rides are:&nbsp; - Minister of Trade and Industry, Rob Davies has two Toyota Fortuners valued at R623 788 and R625 718 respectively. - Minister of Arts and Culture, Nathi Mthethwa chose two BMW-5 Series sedans for R740 299 and R742 425. - Minister of Communications, Faith Muthambi has a new BMW X5 worth R1,065&thinsp;million. - Minister of Public Service and Administration, Ngoako Ramatlhodi chose a Ford Everest for R714 500. - Deputy minister in the Presidency for Planning, Buti Manamela selected an Audi Q7 3.0 TDI Quattro for R971 423. - Deputy minister of Public Service, Ayanda Dlodlo, owns a new Audi A8 and Audi A7 for R750 000 and 735 000 respectively. Cope spokesman Dennis Bloem slammed the amount budgeted for new ministerial vehicles.&nbsp; &ldquo;Cope condemns the approval of this kind of a budget,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;This is not sensible, especially when the country is battling such a low economy.&rdquo;&nbsp; The furore over ministerial vehicle purchases refuses to die down.&nbsp; The issue first came to a head in 2009 when some ministers were accused of wasteful expenditure on vehicles costing in excess of R1&thinsp;million each.