KASI funerals can be long and boring and it is common for mourners to wander off sometimes.But it was not the long service that got mourners to leave Tumi Sindane&rsquo;s funeral. It was the stench of death that hung in the air around his coffin. This was allegedly because for three days the funeral parlour that had his body did not have electricity so his body lay in the open, quickly decomposing in the blistering heat. The body was so swollen the coffin could not even close.Tumi (33), from Rockdale near Middelburg in Mpumalanga was found hanging in his room on Thursday. As he was a policy-holder with Unity Funeral Group, they were given the body to store until the funeral on Sunday. His uncle Bhuti Sindane said when they went to the funeral parlour to wash the body on Saturday, parlour officials gave them the runaround.&ldquo;They initially would not show us the body and then told us the truth, three hours later. They claimed they did not have electricity for three days, so Tumi&rsquo;s body was not kept in the freezers. They did not want me to see it because it was badly decomposed. I insisted.&rdquo;Bhuti said when he touched Tumi&rsquo;s body, the flesh peeled away, revealing bone underneath. He decided it would be best not to wash it. He said the funeral home advised that when the body was delivered, mourners should not view it.&ldquo;They delivered the body late in the afternoon and fled,&rdquo; said Tumi&rsquo;s brother Julle (37). &ldquo;We were shocked to find the coffin could not even close. Tumi&rsquo;s body was so swollen, it looked as if it would burst.&ldquo;We tried to get the priest to speed up the service, as mourners were leaving because of the smell. We want to know how it is possible that the funeral parlour does not have generators in the event of power cuts. I don&rsquo;t even remember the area having a black-out for three days.&rdquo;The funeral parlour denied that the coffin couldn&rsquo;t close. Unity Funeral Group manager Thembi Mthimunye said the body was already decomposed when it was brought to them, so their cooling rooms would not have had any effect. But despite its condition, it was still put in the freezers.&ldquo;It is impossible for us to be without electricity, as our accounts are up to date and we are not on the pre-paid system.&rdquo;