MAMELODI Sundowns midfielder Percy Tau has now tasted what international football is all about, hardly a year-and-a half after playing in the National First Division.The 22-year-old has matured since he returned from a loan spell with NFD side Witbank Spurs at the end of last season. He has climbed up the ladder and his career sky-rocketed in a way that other seasoned campaigners in the PSL can only dream about.Tau has now written his own script as the only South African player to have scored a goal at the Fifa Club World Cup. The goal was not just an ordinary goal either, but a world class one at a world class tournament in Osaka, Japan.Tau unleashed a thunderous shot against Korea Republic side Jeonbuk Hyundai that left the Japanese media and visitors raving about it.Although Sundowns came home without winning a single match, Tau&rsquo;s international career seems to have just started. Downs were booted out of the competition when they lost 2-0 to Japanese side Kashima Antlers last weekend, followed by a 4-1 hammering by Asian Champions Hyundai in the fifth and sixth place play-off match yesterday.Tau emphasised that the learning experience would make Downs stronger and improve his scoring technique.&ldquo;I can still get better. I had the chance to win the Club World Cup. Other teams who play in Europe don&rsquo;t have the chance to come here. I still have room to improve.&rdquo;Tau said he believed Downs could win the World Cup in future should they get another shot at it.Although he scored a world class goal, he said he still had a long way to go before he would become a complete goal poacher. &ldquo;There were a lot of chances that I missed. But I will get better because I am still maturing and playing at international level helps a lot. &ldquo;It came early. I mean at 22 it&rsquo;s an honour for me to play at this level. For the goal to be international one &ndash; that on its own is major. I am happy that I am living my dream and I still want to come back here.&rdquo;Tau told SunSport that he hardly celebrated as there was nothing to cheer about at home for their fans, and admitted that the standard at the World Cup was higher than in South Africa, but added that it was unfair to compare.Downs coach Pitso Mosimane said Tau and Keagan Dolly both had bright futures if they continued to keep their feet firmly on the ground.Said Mosimane: &ldquo;This was a brilliant goal scored by Percy, but he still has room for improvement. &ldquo;He showed in South Africa that he can score goals, and now he showed it on a global stage. &ldquo;Percy and Dolly (22) have a chance to go much further in their careers. &ldquo;If they get their attitude right and remain level-headed, the sky is the limit.&rdquo;