THE Khoisan people will soon be recognised and have official responsibility in the running of their traditional lives if the Khoisan Leadership Bill becomes law.However, the Khoisan people voiced their rejection of some aspects of the bill at a community hall in Port Elizabeth last Friday.Speaking at a packed Gelvandale community hall, Richard Ndakane, chairman of the parliamentary committee responsible for the drafting of the bill, said: &ldquo;We are trying to accommodate the Khoisan people by addressing what was created some 350 years ago. &ldquo;This situation was not created by this present government, but by those who oppressed us. We want to resolve this situation.&ldquo;We appeal for peace and unity in order to reach our goals.&rdquo; Chief Florence de Vos complained that they had received the bill only last week and did not have much time to deliberate on it. She said they wanted more time to read and understand it.&ldquo;We do appreciate the bill but it has come a little bit late. We are not satisfied with some aspects of it. The premier of the Eastern Cape has too much power with regards to what is stated in the bill while the chiefs and kings have little say,&rdquo; De Vos said.&ldquo;Our kings must do the appointments of officials. As the Khoisan, we don&rsquo;t have any funding from government. There is a Khoisan symbol on our national emblem but we are not recognised.&rdquo;She also revealed that they were making their own amendments to the bill and would submit them on 11 March when they meet in Kimberley.Community member John Joseph said: &ldquo;The bill talks about the partnership between the Khoisan people and the local authorities, but where are the authorities today? There is no one present in this hall from the municipality.&rdquo; Moki Cekisani of Ubuntu Environment said: &ldquo;This disrespect of our chiefs should stop. In this hall our chiefs are seated on plastic chairs. &ldquo;If Prince Charles was here do you think they would have seated him on these chairs?&rdquo;