KAIZER Chiefs coach Steve Komphela has revealed that he still has the backing of club management despite his side&rsquo;s failure to win any of their last six games. Komphela said he still had a job to do in Naturena, despite demands from fans that he resign. This comes after another disappointing performance that saw them draw 1-1 with Cape Town City at FNB Stadium on Tuesday.Said Komphela: &ldquo;There is always support from management. They understand the challenges we are going through, because our team is about results. I do enjoy that support.&rdquo;He added: &ldquo;You can hear what&rsquo;s happening (from fans), but you need to be strong enough and focus. It&rsquo;s normal, the team is not doing well. They are a team of winners. They want us to get three points and we don&rsquo;t. &ldquo;We can talk about what could have been or should have been, but they want to see results. You&rsquo;ve got to take it (the blame), the game is like that.&rdquo; However, Komphela is happy that the pressure has not yet transferred to the players. &ldquo;The beauty of it is that it hasn&rsquo;t gone to the players yet. The biggest challenge is whether you can handle it, deal with it. The first step is to accept that fans deserve better. &ldquo;I thought there were a couple of chances we could have taken against City. These are things we will have to monitor. I am not happy with the result, but with the effort.&rdquo;Komphela is keeping his fingers crossed that his influential keeper, Itumeleng Khune, will recover in time to play in their next league game against struggling Chippa United in Port Elizabeth on Saturday. Khune sustained a back injury after he saved Lehlohonolo Majoro&rsquo;s powerful shot. They will be without Sibusiso Khumalo, who was sent off in the first half.Explained Komphela: &ldquo;We got a red card far too early in the match. The Itu sub was forced, he had something like a spasm. We asked for feedback from our medical team and it doesn&rsquo;t look promising. &ldquo;I hope they can do something before the weekend. We have a long list of injuries and I hope we will get them out of the casualty room soon.&rdquo;