THE family of a woman who was allegedly shot and killed by her fiance said they hold no grudges against the man but feel he made a drastic decision. Andiswa Baqwa (28), from Clermont west of Durban, was allegedly killed by her fiance when they could not resolve their problems.Before Andiswa&rsquo;s fiance, Bakhusele Hlathi (34), shot himself in the mouth, he allegedly first shot Andiswa. They died in his car on Sunday.Andiswa&rsquo;s brother, Siziwe Baqwa (35) said they don&rsquo;t know what problems the couple had.&ldquo;We didn&rsquo;t know that the couple had been living separately because of their problems.&rdquo; Siziwe said they heard that Bakhusele arrived at a tavern in Clermont where Andiswa had a stokvel meeting and demanded to speak to her. &ldquo;They went to his car where they argued and Bakhusele apparently shot Andiswa,&rdquo; said Siziwe.&ldquo;He acted in anger. He took away a very special person in our lives. I am angry with him but I&rsquo;m not holding any grudges against him.&rdquo;He said Bakhusele had paid lobola and they were waiting for the couple to arrange their wedding.Meanwhile, a neighbour who asked not to be named said Andiswa wanted to end things with Bakhusele because he cheated on her.&ldquo;Andiswa was fed up. I heard that she also told him that she wanted nothing to do with him because she had found someone new,&rdquo; the neighbour said.Before their problems, the couple had lived together for five years. They had a one-year-old child together and ran a trucking company. They had been living separately for about two weeks..KZN cops spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbhele said cops found the bodies inside a vehicle with gunshot wounds in their mouths. &ldquo;It is alleged that the victim was fatally shot by her fiance who then fatally shot himself. Information on hand is that the couple had an argument while seated in the vehicle. A case of murder and an inquest was opened at KwaDabeka Police Station for investigation,&rdquo; said Mbhele.