SOUTH African Football Association president Danny Jordaan has big plans lined up for women&rsquo;s football in Mzansi in 2017.Jordaan has promised to pull out all the stops in his quest to take women&rsquo;s football to the next level. At the top of his priority list is the eagerly awaited women&rsquo;s football league launch, aimed at closing the gap between Banyana and African rivals such as Nigeria, Ghana and Equatorial Guinea. Banyana Banyana interim coach Desiree Ellis, who only had one month to prepare the team but achieved a fourth place finish at the Women&rsquo;s Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon recently, is also poised to be given the job on a full-time basis. Jordaan is not happy with back-to-back fourth place finishes at the Women&rsquo;s Afcon. But he has vowed to support the coaching staff and women&rsquo;s football in general to help them reach their full potential. Speaking at the Sasol National League Championships at the D&rsquo;Almeida Stadium in Mossel Bay, Jordaan said women&rsquo;s football was heading in the right direction and called on sponsors to come on board next year. Bloemfontein Celtic defeated newcomers JVW FC 1-0 to win the eighth edition of the popular women&rsquo;s championship on Sunday. Banyana skipper Janine van Wyk founded JVW four years ago and coaches them in addition to playing for the team. Jordaan said: &ldquo;We will have a workshop early next year and as soon as we secure the revenue we will launch the league. It&rsquo;s going to be a big and competitive league. &ldquo;A professional league for women will attract more to the sport. We are urging PSL teams to come on board and help us with the ladies teams.&rdquo; Mamelodi Sundowns and Bloemfontein Celtic already have women&rsquo;s teams and Jordaan is optimistic that other teams will soon follow. Commenting on the Sasol League, Jordaan said: &ldquo;Gone are the days when we had 10-0 and 15-0 scorelines. The league is becoming more competitive each year.&rdquo; Jordaan told SunSport that Ellis would submit her report on Banyana&rsquo;s performance at the Women&rsquo;s Afcon this week: &ldquo;Ellis will write her assessment on the performance of the team and recommendations will be made after that. But I&rsquo;m happy with her work. She is doing well and has been around for a couple of years. She knows the team well.&rdquo;