T HIS is my last column for the year, and as we bid farewell to an eventful 2016, I want to wish all our readers a Merry Christmas and Prosperous New Year. Please don t come back in January black-eyed and scarred batho ba trapa (people will moer if) you misbehave!Also let s keep it safe on our roads and avoid all the mischief that leads to accidents and deaths.Drinking and driving is a big no-no and hope police will be vigilant.On the sporting front, it s been one hell of a year.The 2016/17 PSL season started like a house on fire, with Bidvest Wits pushing themselves to the summit of the Absa Premiership table, only to take a dip in form later on. Maybe, the return of striker, Phakamani Mahlambi, from a lengthy injury might just be the tonic the Clever Boys needed.But despite losing form a little, they scooped the first trophy of the season when they humbled the star-studded Mamelodi Sundowns 3-0 in the MTN8 final in Mbombela. The football tide also turned when Cape Town City surprised all when they were crowned Telkom Knockout champs. City also topped the standings at some point. The Cape Town club defied all odds and are brewing something special in the Mother City. Can the new club pull a Leicester City on the PSL? Only time will tell. Tendai Ndoro has owned the scoring charts with 11 goals in 12 games. At the rate he s going, he s untouchable. SA and African champs Sundowns have just returned home from the Fifa Club World Cup with lots of experience and determination to defend their African and their PSL championships.They traversed the continent looking for that elusive star on their jersey, and gave Africa a showstopper by beating the White Knights of Cairo, Zamalek to win the Caf Champions League.The least said about the Soweto giants, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates, the better. We d want to forget the Soweto derbies quickly.SuperSport are a threat to their neighbours crown. Big surprises are two coastal teams: Chippa United and Golden Arrows who are coming to the party. Polokwane City are still pinching themselves after a good performance in the league. In the Free State, ke mathata fela for Celtic. Maybe Ernst Middendorp s departure at Maritzburg United will give another local coach a chance to prove himself. Hopefully, Fadlu Davids will grab the opportunity with both hands. Keep supporting local soccer and pray for an even better 2017. Till next year hawwuuuweng banna!