WITH the Fifa Club World Cup behind them, Mamelodi Sundowns have shifted their focus back to their Absa Premiership campaign. The Brazilians are playing catch-up in the league and things will not be easy for them when the Premiership resumes in seven weeks&rsquo; time after the Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Gabon next month. There was a great deal of excitement when they took part in the biggest competition in their careers in Japan recently, but now it&rsquo;s back to their bread and butter in the league. Skipper Hlompho Kekana says they want to go into the Christmas recess with a bang by beating second-from-bottom Baroka FC at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane tonight (6pm). It was hard for coach Pitso Mosimane to motivate and keep players interested in the league while they had it in the back of their minds that they were going to play in the biggest matches of their careers at the Club World Cup. But with Fifa duties out of the way, Kekana said their quest to defend the league title would kick into top gear against the struggling rookies. The Brazilians are ninth in the log table with 16 points from eight matches, while newly promoted Baroka, who are still searching for their first league win in Limpopo, are finding the going tough in the top flight. They have 12 points after 14 games.Baroka have won two games, lost six and drawn six. But Kekana is not reading too much into their position and has promised that the defending league champions will show their hosts the respect they deserve. He said: &ldquo;Regardless of who our opponents are, we have the responsibility to win the game. We have to start collecting points to catch up with the runaway leaders at the top. &ldquo;We want to defend the title and have to win games to achieve that goal. It also will be fantastic to sign off the year with a win.&rdquo; Kekana, who is from Limpopo, knows how Baroka play and says he warned his teammates that they underestimate them at their own peril. He expects a tough match, as the rookies will be looking to stun the African champions. &ldquo;They won&rsquo;t roll over and allow us to take the three points. They are not a bad side.&rdquo; Kekana&rsquo;s family will be there to watch him in action: &ldquo;It will be a special night for me, as my family will be cheering me on. I&rsquo;m nervous, but will try to keep my cool.&rdquo;