GAUTENG community safety MEC Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane has a tough job.Before she was interviewed by the People&rsquo;s Paper, she visited a family whose mother was brutally murdered while her daughter was shot in the leg.Ironically, the interview was about the 16 days of no violence against women and children campaign.The murder and attempted murder, which were allegedly committed by a cop, took place in Lenasia, south of Joburg.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s sad she was killed by someone who was supposed to protect her,&rdquo; said the MEC.But Nkosi-Malobane believes there are ways to bring an end to women and child abuse.One of the ways her department is addressing abuse at its source is through the Male Picnic.This provides a platform for men to pledge against gender-based violence and to strengthen their relationship with their sons.&ldquo;We also work with men who were former abusers and in a group called Men As Safety Promoters. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s about men pledging never to abuse women again. &ldquo;They also educate other men not to abuse women and children.&rdquo;Nkosi-Malobane said they recently visited Sun City prison, where the group formed a branch. Many men who were in prison because of violent crimes attended the event. She said statistics showed that the greatest sources of crime were drugs and alcohol.Another focus in the campaign against abuse was Mzansi&rsquo;s lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, and intersex community. The MEC said gays and lesbians were increasingly victims of hate crimes, and that dialogue to address this matter will be held today at Nasrec. &ldquo;They also face discrimination at police stations, hospitals, and state departments. &ldquo;Even churches treat them badly,&rdquo; Nkosi-Malobane. said.On the Little Heroes Fun Day &ndash; which will be held tomorrow &ndash; the MEC will work with the National Prosecuting Authority to assist survivors of rape and abuse by preparing them for court appearances.&ldquo;These survivors are true heroes because most victims keep quiet about abuse. &ldquo;We will also celebrate those who work hard to crack cases and make sure criminals go to jail,&rdquo; she added. Nkosi-Malobane complained about the fact that some people use culture as an excuse to abuse women. She used initiates who become gangsters as examples.She said: &ldquo;Our culture should not be abused.&ldquo;These boys in Sedibeng area, Vaal, rape women old enough to be their mums to prove they are now men.&ldquo;We need to put an end to this. Our traditional leaders should help us.&rdquo;