BIDVEST Wits head coach Gavin Hunt says his players should change their mentality if they aim to be crowned Absa Premiership champions at the end of the season. The former SuperSport United mentor was furious after Wits failed to beat 10-man Maritzburg United in a game that ended 1-1 on Tuesday. The Clever Boys had a chance to walk away with maximum points when United captain Kurt Lentjies was given a straight red card at Harry Gwala Stadium for a rough tackle on Phumlani Ntshangase. The booking happened late in the first half but Wits were unable to use the extra man to their advantage. In the second half things changed for the visitors with the introduction of Cuthbert Malajila, who came on for the wasteful Gabadinho Mhango. It was not long before Malajila registered his name on the scoreboard. What frustrated Hunt the most was the fact that his players couldn&rsquo;t finish the game off when they the chance. The Team of Choice made them regret this later when they equalised through Mohau Mokate. Hunt said: &ldquo;If you had never won the league before you won&rsquo;t know. We controlled the game even before they were reduced to 10 men, but couldn&rsquo;t kill it off. &ldquo;The players seriously need to change their attitude if they want the title. If we go on like this it&rsquo;s going to be tough for us.&rdquo;Hunt also had a go at his Malawian striker Mhango, who missed a goal with the posts wide open. &ldquo;Mhango has a poor attitude. I&rsquo;m not saying this because of that miss. Overall, even behind the scenes, his attitude is poor. He&rsquo;s not giving us enough. &ldquo;That miss confirmed it. For me that was the miss of the year,&rdquo; said Hunt. Even though Wits have two games in hand and topped the standings before yesterday&rsquo;s matches, Hunt is not satisfied. He said his charges&rsquo; performance in the last five matches, where they only collected five points from a possible 15, was very disappointing. &ldquo;Having two games in hand means nothing. I would rather have points in hand than games. &ldquo;To be honest, we&rsquo;ve been very disappointing in our last couple of games. Defensively we&rsquo;ve been poor, letting in silly goals. &ldquo;We should be six or seven points clear at the top. This team is better than this, we need to change.&rdquo;