DEATH is taking a heavy toll on Mzansi&rsquo;s roads, thanks to drinking, reckless driving and fatigue. In the first 19 days of December, 845 people died on our roads. The number of drunk drivers is rising, with some 4 000 arrests since the beginning of the festive season.Road Traffic Management Corporation spokesman Simon Zwane said that a further 2 100 drivers have been arrested for various traffic offences such as speeding, and cops issued some 17 000 traffic fines.Speaking to Daily Sun, he said: &ldquo;We are happy with the early travellers who are making their way home already. They are not waiting for roads to be under pressure.&rdquo; - KwaZulu-Natal emergency services reported a number of accidents that happened the days before and after Christmas. ER24 spokesman Russel Meiring reported that one man was killed and two people were injured on Monday when an SUV collided with a light vehicle on the N2 in Durban.And on Saturday, Athlenda Mathe from Netcare 911 reported that four people sustained serious injuries after their vehicle overturned on the M13 near Field&rsquo;s Hill in Durban. - In Gauteng, a collision on the N12 near Zuurbekom left two adults dead and their two children with serious injuries. According to ER24, early yesterday morning paramedics arrived on the scene where they found two overturned vehicles. The parents of the children were found with fatal injuries near an overturned bakkie. -&nbsp;In Parys, Free State, two people, including a seven-year-old child, died in a head-on collision on the R59, some 10km outside Parys on Christmas Day.-&nbsp;In Mpumalanga a family of five cheated death on Christmas Day when their car fell off a 300 metre cliff on the R38 between Barberton and Badplaas.Provincial spokesman Joseph Mabuza said: &ldquo;The driver managed to climb up the 300 metre cliff to get help.&rdquo; They spent more than 10 hours helping the family and bringing them back to the road. One of the occupants, a 17-year-old girl, was critically injured. - In the Western Cape, during the Christmas long weekend, 19 victims died. Near Worcester, a bus and a taxi collided and claimed 13 lives. Two child pedestrians aged one and five years lost their lives after being hit by motor vehicles on the West Coast. Over 1 365 drivers were tested for drunken driving and 16 motorists were arrested between 23 and 25 December. The Western Province blood transfusion service has urged the public to donate blood during this season as blood banks are running low.