FOR a team that has promised to wrestle the league title away from Mamelodi Sundowns this season, Kaizer Chiefs are not showing any signs of being championship material.In fact Amakhosi look like any other ordinary team that lacks the ambition of winning any titles. At the rate that things are going, nothing suggests that they will turn the corner anytime soon. Amakhosi are quickly turning into a midtable team. Usually at this time of the year Chiefs display signs of where they are likely to finish on the table, but it&rsquo;s hard to tell where exactly they are going to finish at the end of the season and their fans appear to have lost hope too. Amakhosi&rsquo;s goalless draw against Bloemfontein Celtic in their Absa Premiership encounter at the FNB Stadium last night is a clear indication that they are struggling to put points on the board. This was their fourth consecutive draw at home and their seventh in 14 matches. The pressure continues to mount on beleaguered coach Steve Khomphela. The former Free State Stars and Maritzburg United mentor has to come up with a plan of how to turn things around in the New Year during the festive season. Chiefs lost 3-1 to Chippa United, while Celtic were held to a goalless draw by SuperSport United in their previous league game. With the Christmas recess around the corner, the Soweto giants wanted to give their fans something to cheer for. The Free State outfit are also on the road to recovery after a dismal start to their league campaign. Celtic last won on the road in October with a 1-0 win against Platinum Stars, with their last three away matches ending in one defeat and two draws. The first half showing was a tight affair as both teams cancelled each other. Chances were few and far between. The second half came alive as Musa Nyatama forced Brilliant Khuzwayo into a series off fantastic saves. Amakhosi also tested Patrick Tignyemb in the Celtic goal, but a draw is probably a fair result for both teams. Other results: Polokwane City 1 Chippa United 0; Highlands Park 2 Ajax Cape Town 1; Free State Stars 1 Baroka FC 0; Golden Arrows 0 Bidwest Wits 0