Highlands Park downward spiral continued last night when they were held to a 1-1 draw by fellow strugglers Bloemfontein Celtic in an Absa Premiership match played at Makhulong Stadium.This was the PSL rookies sixth draw of the season, something that will not go down well with the ambitious management. Highlands came into the match desperate for maximum points in a bid to move away from the bottom of the table. The Lions Of the North have won only one match so far this season and that was a 2-1 win against Baroka FC in September. Highlands are now second bottom on nine points from 12 games, while Celtic remain in 13th position on 11 points from 11 matches.Highlands have been struggling to adapt to life in the top flight as their defence has been the most vulnerable in the league having conceded 23 goals in 11 matches. Highlands coach Gordon Igesund came into the match under severe pressure to get his first league win since he replaced Allan Freese in October. He has now gone seven matches without victory having drawn five and lost twice. In fact Freese has a better record compared to Igesund as he collected four points in five matches, while Igesund has collected five points in seven outings.This was a replay of the game against Celtic that was abandoned due to heavy rain and lightning. Igesund made three changes to the side that drew 2-2 against Soweto giants Orlando Pirates at the weekend. He brought in defender Jemaine Christian for Augustine Mbara, Lindokuhle Mbatha started ahead of Brandon Theron, while former Mamelodi Sundowns star Surprise Moriri replaced Collins Mbesuma upfront.On the other hand, Celtic were hoping to halt their slump that led to the resignation of coach Serame Letsoaka. The management brought in legends John Maduka and Lehlohonolo Seema as joint caretaker coaches hoping they will restore the pride of Phunya-Sele-Sele fans. They made two changes to the side that played a goalless draw against Telkom Knockout finalist SuperSport United in their last league match. The duo preferred Lantshene Phalane and Ayanda Dlamini in the starting line-up in place of Robert Sankara and Musa Nyatama.Although, Celtic defence has been solid as they had conceded only seven goals prior to the match, their problem seems to be finding the back of net as it was evident against Highlands Park.Highlands had the upper hand early on with a series of attacks and their effort finally paid-off in the 21st minutes when midfielder Mothobi Mvala headed home the opener from Franklin Cale&rsquo;s cross from a set-piece.Celtic grabbed the equaliser in the 68th minutes via the boot of Mpho Maruping to silence his home crowd.