NO 10: Bongani Zungu dangles his 4-5!The former Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder who has now joined Portuguese club Vitoria Guimaraes, Bongani Zungu posted a snapchat video of himself dangling his 4-5.Watch the video here.Read the full story here9. FLYING NAKED WOMAN STEALS COP CAR!THE naked woman flying through the air scared not only the residents &ndash; but also the cops!Residents from L section in KwaMashu, north of Durban said they heard loud footsteps on their roofs. They claim they saw an unknown naked woman flying from rooftop to rooftop on a broom! When the residents tried to stop her apparently she just laughed at them and they called the cops &ndash; but police didn&rsquo;t do so well either.One of the residents, Nosipho Ngcongo (35) said they had never seen anything like this before. Nosipho said when the cops arrived, the woman allegedly pulled a woman cop out of the van and sat down on the seat.&ldquo;She shouted at the driver to get out. The male cop became scared and jumped out of the van.Read full story here.8. OPW wife speaks out! THE TV cameras are rolling, the lights are shining and Nkululeko is part of a perfect television&nbsp;wedding.&nbsp; But in front of the TV, in another part of the country, sits furious Nompumelelo. &ldquo;THAT&rsquo;S MY HUSBAND GETTING MARRIED ON TV!&rdquo; SHE CRIES.&nbsp; Nompumelelo Zulu-Khumalo told Daily Sun she got the shock of her life when she saw her husband getting married on Mzansi Magic&rsquo;s Our Perfect Wedding on Sunday. The 37-year-old from Inchanga, west of Durban, said: &ldquo;I&rsquo;m still legally married to Nkululeko. He should have asked my permission before remarrying.&rdquo;&nbsp; When she separated from her husband in 2014, she didn&rsquo;t hold out much hope for a reconciliation, but she didn&rsquo;t file for divorce and she didn&rsquo;t tear up her marriage certificate.&nbsp; Nompumelelo said she is struggling to get by and lives in a leaking mud house with her eight-year-old daughter. Read full story here. 7. 'My daughter loves sex'JABULILE Ramismeni (44) is angry with her 22-year-old daughter. She said she is suffering because her daughter loves men and sex.What&rsquo;s even worse is that her daughter has left two kids with Jabulile.&ldquo;My daughter also ran away with the kids&rsquo; grant money,&rdquo; Jabulile told Daily Sun. &ldquo;I spoke to her many times about sleeping around, but she didn&rsquo;t listen,&rdquo; said Jabulile. &ldquo;My daughter was a good girl until she met friends who had a bad influence on her. &ldquo;She started drinking booze and ended up falling pregnant at a young age. &ldquo;She fell pregnant again and dropped out of school. &ldquo;It breaks my heart to see what my daughter has become. I did my best to raise her properly, but it seems I have failed.&rdquo; Read full story here.6. "Why I'm a blesser" - SergioIT&rsquo;S HARD to remember that he spent seven years behind bars awaiting trial. Today Sergio Cabonge is a famous blesser, with at least five blessees whom he showers with money.&nbsp; BUT HE CLAIMS HE DOES WHAT HE DOES OUT OF RESPECT FOR WOMEN.&nbsp; He said he believes in sharing his fortune with young girls. &ldquo;I take them out to expensive clubs and buy them expensive clothes, food and wine.&nbsp; &ldquo;And of course I give them money,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;A woman needs to be spoiled. It all depends on her age and her needs but I do spend thousands. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m blessed and I share my blessing by being a blesser,&rdquo; he said.Watch the video here.Read full story here. 5. 'I don&rsquo;t feel sexy in panties!'&ldquo;THIS is who I am. Take it or leave it!&rdquo; This was said by Zodwa Libram (31), who has been turning heads on dance floors in Durban, KZN. Zodwa, popularly known as Zodwa Wabantu, has become one of the main attractions at Eyadini Lounge in Umlazi where she is seen on Sundays in a body-hugging dress without underwear and a Savanna in her hand. When the right song comes on, patrons watch in admiration as she shows off her sexy dance moves.Zodwa, whose videos and pictures have been causing a stir on social media, has been praised by many for ignoring what others think. But some have bashed her for her dancing and not wearing panties.&ldquo;Underwear makes me uncomfortable. I don&rsquo;t feel sexy when I&rsquo;m wearing panties. It&rsquo;s a preference. And people should deal with it.&rdquo;Read full story here. 4. FORMER BAFANA STAR MAKES A LIVING AS A PRISON WARDER!ROLES have been reversed for Lungisani Ndlela, who is making a living as a prison warder in Witbank, in Mpumalanga, these days. While many have viewed his current situation in sympathy, considering the flashy lifestyle he used to live, some see it differently. His friends have commended him for plucking up the courage to take up correctional services studies after he disappeared from the limelight. Said a friend: &ldquo;Lungi has done well for himself. At least he&rsquo;s got an income, unlike other former soccer stars who prefer to live on handouts.&rdquo; Another friend added: &ldquo;Lungi is popular in prison as people still recognise him. He&rsquo;s jolly but takes his job seriously.&rdquo; A third friend said: &ldquo;He walks tall, unlike his peers who are struggling.&rdquo;Read full story here. 3. Mavuso stokvel sex shockEvery Monday in Hamanskraal, people get together to host a Mavuso stokvel which is slang for money given to a woman after she spends a night with a man. The Mavuso stokvel is said to attract a lot of community members. Other community members claim that this stokvel attracts &lsquo;easy&rsquo; women because they know they will get money. Women who come to the stokvel early are apparently given a bottle of wine to keep them busy while the formalities of the stokvel are underway. Tsholofelo Mawelela who is a known attendant of the function says &ldquo;If I get a job I will no longer attend Mavuso as it&rsquo;s all about fun&rdquo;. In and interview with Enca DJ Papie Sibanda who is the host of the stokvel says they don't offer or buy sex at the stokvel venue contrary to what the women say. They insist that the men who attend the stokvel approach them to ask how much they would like or who simply set their one night stand price. One woman said "I like Mavuso because men buy us drinks and give us money in the morning". Read full story here. 2. HOW TAU GOT HIJACKED!WITHIN MINUTES of Tau Mogale&rsquo;s (Rapulana Seiphemo) crash, rumours started flying around about the cause of the crash. And many questions have gone unanswered.&nbsp; NOW INSIDERS HAVE TOLD DAILY SUN WHAT REALLY HAPPENED ON SUNDAY NIGHT. According to insiders close to the investigation, the Generations: The Legacy actor whose real name is Rapulana Seiphemo, was hijacked by two thugs who found themselves face to face with a very stubborn victim. The TV star was travelling on the N14 near Diepsloot just before 10pm in his Audi A4 on Sunday, 14 February.&nbsp; According to an insider, Rapulana was driving alone in a white Audi A4 when he stopped at a Diepsloot intersection known as a hijacking hotspot. Two thugs from Mamelodi, Tshwane jumped into his car. The man in the front had a gun, the man in the back appears to have been unarmed. &ldquo;They made Rapulana drive towards Pretoria,&rdquo; said the source. &ldquo;The thug at the back wasn&rsquo;t listening to the instructions of the man in the front. It appears he panicked because he jumped out of the vehicle while it was moving.&rdquo; Read full story here. 1. FROM PASTOR DOOM TO PASTOR DISINFECTANT!ONLY a few weeks after Prophet Lethebo Rabalago sprayed his congregation with Doom, another pastor has surfaced with what he claims to be a miracle treatment.Prophet Rufus Phala of AK Spiritual Christian Church in Makgodu, Limpopo, made his church members drink Dettol.In the video seen by Daily Sun, Prophet Rufus tells the congregation to drink the antiseptic liquid, promising they will be healed of their sickness.&ldquo;I know Dettol is harmful, but God instructed me to use it. I was the first one to drink it,&rdquo; he claimed.He also claimed he has been getting WhatsApp messages from people who say they have been healed.Read full story here.