BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic Ladies have ended their eight-year wait for the Sasol League National Championship title. The Free State team pulled off an upset to defeat pre-tournament favourites JVW FC 1-0 in the cup final at D&rsquo;Almeida Stadium in Mossel Bay yesterday. Emily Moholoholo broke JVW&rsquo;s hearts with a late winner to take the title to the City of Roses.Moholoholo limped off the pitch with an injury shortly after scoring the winner, but still walked away with the Diski Queen of the Match award. JWV is owned, coached and captained by Banyana Banyana skipper Janine van Wyk. Van Wyk&rsquo;s dream is to turn her team into a formidable force in South African women&rsquo;s football. She has had an excellent year, competing in three major tournaments, the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the Women&rsquo;s Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon and now the national championships, the biggest football competition for women in Mzansi. She helped Banyana finish fourth at the Women&rsquo;s Afcon but will have to wait another year to fulfil her dream of leading her team to the biggest women&rsquo;s football title in the country. Last year&rsquo;s winners, Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies, did not qualify for the eighth edition of the popular women&rsquo;s championship. Celtic have been part of this tournament since its inception in 2009, while JVW were making their debut. The Free State outfit ended their 2015 championships in fifth position.JWV beat Coal City Wizards 1-0, while Celtic recorded the same scoreline over Kanatla Ladies to book their place in the final. JWV topped Group C with six points, while Celtic accumulated the same number of points to finish top of Group A. Gauteng representatives JWV boost five Banyana Banyana players in their squad. With stars such as Linda Motlhalo, Van Wyk, Amanda Dlamini, Mamello Makhabane and Nompumelelo Nyandeni they went into this final as the overwhelming favourites. Meanwhile, Kanatla of Limpopo defeated Wizards of Mpumalanga on penalties after their third and fourth place play-off match ended 2-2 in regulation time.