THE past year won&rsquo;t go down as Banyana Banyana&rsquo;s best. Despite qualifying for their second Olympics and Caf Africa Women&rsquo;s Cup of Nations, the results from these tournaments were not satisfactory. Banyana had extended preparations leading up to the Rio Olympics with then coach Vera Pauw, but didn&rsquo;t have much to show from that. It seemed that the sacrifices the players made of leaving school and quitting their jobs were all in vain. The senior national women&rsquo;s team started with Olympic preparations last December until the team travelled to Brazil in August. They played Cameroon, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Netherlands and the USA as part of their preparations. Their matches against neighbours Botswana were part of their Women&rsquo;s Afcon qualifiers. However, all these matches were not enough to help them get an improved result from their 2012 appearance in London and they finished the 2016 Games with a single draw from three group matches, failing to score a single goal. Giving younger players experience at the tournament at the expense of the more experienced players like Amanda Dlamini, Nompumelelo Nyandeni and Sanah Mollo could have contributed to their failure to get the results they desired. Pauw&rsquo;s excuse of no local professional league for women&rsquo;s football doesn&rsquo;t hold water as former Banyana mentor, Joseph Mkhonza, went to the Olympics with even less support and preparation yet came back with a point and a goal, courtesy of Portia Modise. Although a professional league is a necessity in the country, it doesn&rsquo;t seem as if it will be a reality soon. Finishing fourth in a second successive Women&rsquo;s Afcon staged in Cameroon was the last let-down of the year after they ended in the same position as in Namibia in 2014. Playing preparation matches with countries in the same group proved costly for Banyana. Zimbabwe capitalised on the friendly they played against Banyana just over a week before the tournament kicked of in Cameroon. The Mighty Warriors held Banyana to a draw to make things harder for them in their group, although they eventually qualified for the semifinals where they suffered a defeat to reigning champions, Nigeria. Having former Banyana captain Desiree Ellis take over the reigns as interim coach was good for continuity, but her appointment was left too late and the team had only one week to prepare. Safa should have also at least have indicated if they would be retaining both Ellis and Maud Khumalo to lead the team on permanent bases.Banyana could have done better at the tournament. Scoring in one match out of five is not good enough. They need to work hard at developing strikers to do better in the final third. One of the positives was Banyana skipper Janine van Wyk being named among the five nominees for Caf Woman&rsquo;s Player of the Year.Goalkeeper Andile Dlamini finally got the chance to play for the team since being in the set up since 2012. She made several good saves which could have seen Banyana having an even more disappointing tournament.This will be helpful for Banyana as they work on qualifying for Ghana 2018 which willalso double as the 2019 Fifa Women&rsquo;s World Cup qualifiers.