THEY ARE underage, too young to be drinking, but they are drunk and defiant.&nbsp; It&rsquo;s holiday. We are celebrating with our friends, they said.&nbsp; BUT A WORRIED FATHER SHAKES HIS HEAD. OUR YOUTH ARE BECOMING ALCOHOLICS, HE SAID.&nbsp; &ldquo;This is so heartbreaking,&rdquo; said a parent, speaking about the kids boozing over the weekend.&nbsp; The sight of drunken teens openly walking around with booze in their hands, is worrying many people in the community, especially those with teenage kids. &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t take it,&rdquo; said a parent.&ldquo;It&rsquo;s painful. Our kids are developing drinking habits at such a young age,&rdquo; said a father of two in the Vaal. It is the time for December parties, festivals, end-of-school parties. Whether parents like it or not, the sight of kids as young as 14 seen boozing in the streets in the kasi is becoming a common sight. Many of the kids who spoke to Daily Sun said they were having a good time and they were on holiday. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s December. We&rsquo;re having fun. What&rsquo;s wrong with that?&rdquo; a 15-year-old girl asked.Another who said she is 16 said: &ldquo;I passed my exams. I&rsquo;m here to celebrate and drink with my classmates.&rdquo; The SunTeam snapped photos of underage kids roaming the streets with bottles of booze in their hands. From street parties to spaza shops to waiting for taxis, young people were boozing. Some were carrying alcohol in cooler boxes.Currently, the legal drinking age in Mzansi is 18 but there have been sustained calls from concerned parents and organisations that this should be increased to 21.Mzwakhe Msibi, director of Toughest Young Minds, an NGO that deals with drug and alcohol abuse based in Sebokeng in the Vaal, said the youngsters are destroying their future. Mzwakhe said they used to see two patients a day but this number has risen to 10.Concerned parent, Nonkululeko Zondo said: &ldquo;Since the schools closed for holidays these kids have been boozing. Something must be done.&rdquo;The Unisa Youth Research Unit&rsquo;s Substance Abuse Survey shows a significant number of teenagers in the average South African home have at some stage experimented with alcohol, but most parents believe their kids do not drink.SAB runs a roadshow called &ldquo;You Decide&rdquo;, which aims to help educate teenagers about the dangers of drinking. They try to equip them with various techniques on how to avoid peer pressure and to make the right choices in life.Government has introduced proposals in the Liquor Act which seek to prevent the sale of alcohol to a young people by raising the legal age of access from 18 to 21.