CAPE Town City coach Eric Tinkler has warned his players to pull up their socks when they face Bidvest Wits in a top-of-the-table Absa Premiership clash at Milpark&rsquo;s Bidvest Stadium tomorrow (8pm). Tinkler is worried that complacency could cripple them if they rest on their laurels. He said defeat could affect their morale ahead of the Telkom Knockout final against SuperSport United on 10 December.City are a point ahead of Wits on 21 points from 11 matches, but the Clever Boys have two games in hand.The former Orlando Pirates mentor was disappointed that his charges dropped two vital points when they drew 1-1 with Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Tuesday.Said Tinkler: &ldquo;There are three C-words that are important to me. First, Consistency &ndash; you have to be consistent in your performances if you want to achieve things. The C that shouldn&rsquo;t happen is Complacency, which is what we saw against Chiefs. Achievements come with a lot of hard work and dedication, but the most important C for me is Character.&rdquo;Tinkler is trying to get his players focused on maintaining their position in the league instead of worrying about the final.He said: &ldquo;Our focus is on Wits, we will deal with the final next week. That&rsquo;s what players must understand. We are playing Wits, definite title contenders. If we lose that game it could affect our form when we face SuperSport.&rdquo;Tinkler realises Wits will punish them if they give away possession like they did against Amakhosi. Wits are still reeling from 2-0 defeat to SuperSport on Tuesday.&ldquo;I am disappointed. There are not many positives I can take from the game. I thought we were lethargic.&rdquo;Tinkler also ruled out the possibility of coaching Bafana Bafana.The former Bafana midfielder said: &ldquo;I am still looking to grow as a coach. I want to achieve things. And with all due respect, Bafana still has a coach (Shakes Mashaba). They have done well against Senegal and got the result. We should be all supporting him. I think there should be better ethics from us as coaches to not really refer to things like this.&rdquo; Wits coach Gavin Hunt said: &ldquo;We need to bounce back after the loss. We know injuries affected our performance. We need to play well this time. &ldquo;I know it&rsquo;s not easy but I am confident that if we work hard and keep believing, we will get the desired results.&rdquo;