MAMELODI Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has revealed that he has learnt a lot from their first match at the Fifa Club World Cup at Suita City Stadium on Sunday.The Brazilians missed out on the chance to reach the semifinals when they lost 2-0 to home side Kashima Antlers, but Mosimane said the experience gained would be vital in the Absa Premiership and Caf Champions League.Said Mosimane: &ldquo;It showed us we have a bit of work to do. We were a little bit out-muscled. We didn&rsquo;t expect the physicality from Japan in that game, or we would have prepared the team differently. &ldquo;We were also not shrewd in front of goal &ndash; we were nice guys. When Antlers had the ball they killed us, they were never nice.&rdquo;He added: &ldquo;The team showed they can play football. We need to be quicker to be first on the ball. &ldquo;For us to learn like this will take our game to another level. I think in Africa in the Champions League we should be okay with this kind of performance. But the global stage calls for a little bit of shrewdness.&rdquo;Mosimane revealed that he didn&rsquo;t expect the referee to be lenient at this level.He added: &ldquo;The referee allowed the game to flow, which is very good for football. But there were small fouls, when Antlers climbed on top of us to hold us back, where he allowed play to continue. It didn&rsquo;t suit the small guys (Percy Tau, Keagan Dolly and Khama Billiat) I had up-front in terms of strength.&rdquo;The former Bafana Bafana mentor is happy that his players have now gauged themselves on the world stage.&ldquo;I made them aware of the different levels of this game. They know where they stand now on an international stage. &ldquo;It should make them aware that we have to be strong and adjust to this level of play. Antlers are mentally and physically strong, the longer they stay in the game, the stronger they become.&rdquo;Mosimane is not worried that their travelling fans might go home without seeing their team win, should they fail to beat Korea Republic&rsquo;s Jeonbuk Hyundai in the fifth and sixth place play-offs at the same venue tomorrow (9.30am, SA time). Hyundai lost 2-1 to Mexico outfit Club America in another quarterfinals match earlier.&ldquo;I am disappointed we didn&rsquo;t win, but at the end of day the fans understand. They also came here and got an experience.&ldquo;You must understand it&rsquo;s the first time some of our fans have left the country, let alone go overseas. &rdquo;