INTERNATIONAL singer Syleena Johnson will usher local music fans into the New Year in style.A Grammy Award nominee, this R&amp;B and soul singer-songwriter and actress is headed for Ekurhuleni.She will perform at the 2017 New Year Extravaganza&rsquo;s All White Soul Affair. Presented by Laid Back Sessions, the big gig will go down at Dries Niemandt Park in Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni. Organisers said they wanted to make sure they&rsquo;d have an all-star line-up with a broad audience appeal. Social media co-ordinator Athi Geleba explained that they were trying to turn Ekurhuleni into one of the premium cities with a strong appeal for both local and international guests.&ldquo;Our aim is to create a lasting entertainment property that would significantly contribute to the local economy of Ekurhuleni, as well as social cohesion,&rdquo; said Athi. She told SunBuzz these events would position Ekurhuleni as a premier destination for world-class entertainment events and help it achieve international recognition for the city and South Africa as a whole. Laid Back Sessions will lay on a big show for music fans &ndash; no less than a three-part Ekurhuleni New Year Extravaganza. The world-class event will run from 30 December to 1 January 2017, at Dries Niemandt Park. To begin with, the opening acts on 30 December will be devoted to comedy. But on the third night, top-class acts will be on stage, and the audience had better be ready for fireworks! Artists including Kwesta, Nasty C, and Shimza are billed on the day. And the Laid Back Sessions line-up on the first day of 2017 is not to be missed! Look out for Mafikizolo, Amanda Black, Robbie Malinga and Musa.Then there are the DJs: Metro FM&rsquo;s Setle, Wilson B Nkosi, TBose and Mo G, both from Kaya FM. And that&rsquo;s without Steven Khoza, Mzimela, Bambo Johnson, Greg RD$ and five other local DJs.MCs in charge are Thebe and Somizi. tickets cost from R250 (or R500 for VIPs) at Computicket. To win VIP tickets, check Facebook: Laid Back Sessions. Twitter: 2LaidbackSAand www.laidback.co.za