IF it were up to Cavin Johnson, he would convert his team&rsquo;s 4-0 drubbing of Cape Town City into four consecutive wins. Platinum Stars sent shock waves with their biggest Absa Premiership win of the season against top of the table and newly crowned Telkom Knockout champions the Citizens in emphatic style &ndash; in Cape Town of all places! If anyone had told the beleaguered Johnson that he would return from the Mother City with a resounding victory, he would not have believed it. Dikwena had conceded 10 goals in four matches, losing all of them, and the odds were heavily stacked against the North West-based outfit. But they bounced back in style to ease the pressure on their under-fire coach. Johnson said: &ldquo;The win was a saving grace for everybody, not just me. It was important for the whole club to win. It was important not to lose our fifth consecutive game. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m happy we beat a form team in the league in style.&rdquo; Isaac Nhlapo, Tintswalo Tshabalala, Bongi Ntuli and Dumiso Mabena scored to spoil the Citizens&rsquo; party and help Dikwena bag the three points. Platinum Stars host Maritzburg United at the Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace on Saturday (3.30pm). The Team of Choice upset Orlando Pirates 2-1 at home on Wednesday night.Johnson said: &ldquo;We are going for a back-to-back league win against the Team of Choice. We won&rsquo;t underestimate them. We have to win at home, the players know that. &ldquo;I&rsquo;d rather win our remaining matches 1-0 instead of scoring more goals in one match and lose the next match. &ldquo;There is a lot that still needs to be done. We have to tighten up at the back and utilise the goal scoring chances that we get on match days&rdquo; City coach Eric Tinkler blamed fatigue for their embarrassing defeat at home. Tinkler claimed that they played too soon after lifting their first cup in Limpopo with a 2-1 win against SuperSport United. The Citizens welcome SuperSport in Cape Town on Friday night (8pm). Tinkler said: &ldquo;We played in Polokwane on Saturday and the players were still tired. We suffered from fatigue and most of them did not play well. &ldquo;SuperSport have had more rest and they will be fresh for the game against us.&rdquo;