MAMELODI SUNDOWNS players have acclimatized to the unbearable cold weather conditions and the unusual raw fish delicacies here at the city known for rice trade on Friday.The Brazilians endured a 16-hour long flight from Joburg to Osaka via Dubai. That&rsquo;s why Downs coach, Pitso Mosimane, cancelled their first training session after their arrival on Tuesday.The language barrier was also another obstacle we had to overcome and sign language was the ultimate solution to get around the city.Teko Modise knows that when he enters the Suita City Stadium today at 7pm, (12.30 SA time) with swag, he will be carrying the hopes of South Africans, as this is also the most important competition in his career. Downs are the first South African club to play in the event. If they progress further in the competition, they stand a chance of facing Spanish giants Real Madrid in the final.Modise could find himself involved in a tussle with Cristiano Ronaldo in the middle of the park.Said Modise: &ldquo;This is a big one, especially for my club career and to be among the teams that are best in the world is every player&rsquo;s dream. &ldquo;This is motivation for youngsters who want to go overseas. This is where I want to be.&rdquo;The 34-year-old player emphasized that youngsters like Keagan Dolly, Khama Billiat and Percy Tau should continue playing a similar style that saw them conquer the continent if they want to realize their dreams.He went on: &ldquo;My advise to them is to play their normal game because they&rsquo;ve been doing well for the team. They don&rsquo;t have to do anything new, they don&rsquo;t have to be under pressure or feel like they need to carry the team through to the finals. &ldquo;They just need to do what they&rsquo;re supposed to do and enjoy this moment. I mean, you&rsquo;ll never know if this opportunity will come back or not. They just need to grab it with both hands and you never know what will happen.&rdquo;Modise has stressed that his teammates will need to focus on the entire match to avoid letting fans down.&ldquo;All teams are here because they are a good team. There&rsquo;s no small team here. As much as there is Real Madrid, there are other teams that are big. &ldquo;We need to face this first before we think of meeting Real Madrid in the final,&rdquo; he said.