MANSI&rsquo;S golden girl, Caster Semenya, wants to leave no stone unturned next season. The 800m Olympic champ has her sights set on the IAAF world championships in London in 2017. Semenya, who was crowned SA Sportswoman of the Year at the SA Sports Awards in Bloemfontein two weeks ago, recently launched a foundation to help schoolgirls acquire sanitary products and hold coaching clinics. She has also embarked on a journey through Limpopo to plough back into her home province&rsquo;s community. Semenya said: &ldquo;When I was young my dream was to become a great athlete. Now that I have made it I want to unearth new talent in Limpopo by regularly conducting coaching clinics with young girls. &ldquo;With help from the sports minister&rsquo;s office and other sponsors we can do this. I&rsquo;m giving back to the people who have groomed me as a sign of my appreciation. &ldquo;But not all the young ones will be runners, some will become leaders. Education is important too,&rdquo; the star athlete stressed.Semenya won three major titles this year, adding the African Senior Championships and Diamond League Series to her Olympic glory. She was also nominated for the IAAF Female Athlete of the Year award, but did not make the final shortlist. She said: &ldquo;I won lots of awards this year. A lot has happened but there is more to come in 2017. It was a dream come true to be recognised by IAAF. Next year I&rsquo;m going for the 800m world title in London &ndash; that&rsquo;s my main goal.&rdquo; Her coach, Jean Verster, said she would be a force to be reckoned with in the new season: &ldquo;Our focus is the Diamond League, the World Student Champs and a few races locally. Caster is in perfect condition to reclaim the world title she won in 2009. Next season we will go big &ndash; she is fully focused on her goal.&rdquo; Verster has prepared a programme to keep her busy ahead of next season. Semenya said: &ldquo;I want to defend my Diamond League series title. If I double my efforts we can achieve a lot.&rdquo;