ORLANDO Pirates interim coach Augusto Palacios could not hide his frustration when his side suffered a 2-1 Absa Premiership defeat to Maritzburg United at the Harry Gwala Stadium on Tuesday. This is Palacios&rsquo; first defeat since taking charge of Pirates after the resignation of Muhsin Ertugral over a month ago. The word Palacios used to describe his players&rsquo; display in this match was &ldquo;disappointing&rdquo;.Said the frustrated coach: &ldquo;As a coach I can only do so much. I can&rsquo;t go on the field and show the players how to score or defend. At this level, playing like this, it&rsquo;s very disappointing.&rdquo; The match saw Bucs faithfuls booing their star midfielder Mpho Mokola, demanding that he be substituted. In the second half Palacios relented, replacing Makola with Ayanda Nkosi, who scored Bucs&rsquo; goal.The Peruvian was reluctant to comment on his substitutions, saying instead he hoped to leave his current post having managed to instil a winning mentality in the squad. He admitted, though, that he was finding it tough, having collected just eight points in five matches. &ldquo;That was my aim when I took over. But it seems as if I&rsquo;m not getting through to the players. We talk about it at training every day but clearly it&rsquo;s not working. &ldquo;Their level of concentration is a major problem. They lose concentration in crucial moments of the match. Today it was also evident that they were not concentrating. Both goals we conceded came from set-pieces that we failed to defend,&rdquo; added Palacios. Bucs found themselves in the unusual position of chasing the match and were unable to recover. Two second half goals from defenders Bevan Fransman and Brian Onyango were enough to see United win their first home match this season. This win will have put a rare smile on the faces of United faithfuls and the management, apart from Fadlu Davids. The interim coach said it was important for him and his players to remain focused even though they had enjoyed a good run of form lately. &ldquo;Yes, it is encouraging to get our first win at home. But I think it is important for us to remain grounded and not to lose focus. &ldquo;Now we must get ready for our next game away to Platinum Stars,&rdquo; said Davids.