JANINE van Wyk is currently playing in her third major tournament in the space of four months. This makes her happy, as women&rsquo;s football in Mzansi is not always this busy.The Banyana Banyana skipper is motivated and hungry to achieve more as she continues to lead by example. The 29-year-old led her country at the Olympic Games in Rio, Brazil, in August and at the Women&rsquo;s Africa Cup of Nations finals in Limbe, Cameroon, recently. She is also is the proud owner of JVW FC, a Gauteng based team taking part in the Sasol League National Championships in Mossel Bay, Western Cape. When she formed the team, her dream was to lead them to the biggest title in women&rsquo;s football in the country. She could fulfil that dream on Sunday if her team reaches the final, as expected. With six Banyana players in her squad, JVW are the overwhelming favourites to win the title. Van Wyk has been juggling her roles as Banyana skipper and club owner, and could reap the rewards of being a club administrator this week if she succeeds in claiming her first major club title. Last year&rsquo;s winners, Mamelodi Sundowns Ladies, failed to qualify. Debutants JVW have emerged as the strongest team in the eighth edition of the tournament. Teams such as Durban Ladies and Bloemfontein Celtic Ladies are their biggest threat. Van Wyk harbours ambitions of becoming the Jomo Sono of women&rsquo;s football, coaching and running her own team when she eventually hangs up her boots. Her team opened their tournament account on Wednesday with a thrilling 3-2 victory to eliminate hosts University of Western Cape at the D&rsquo;Almeida Stadium. Banyana stars such as Amanda Dlamini, Linda Motlhalo, Mamello Makhabane and Nompumelelo Nyandeni entertained the crowd. Van Wyk said: &ldquo;Teams are already saying how they will go all out against us. That&rsquo;s because we are the favourites. We have a lot of Banyana players. &ldquo;We are not the big guns but because we have so many Banyana players in our team, people still expect us to win the title.&rdquo; Van Wyk is still exhausted after her trip to Cameroon where Banyana finished fourth at the Women&rsquo;s Afcon. &ldquo;We are exhausted but our desire to become champions keeps us going.&rdquo; She added that having a professional league in SA would take women&rsquo;s football to the next level: &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t get to play competitive football every week.&rdquo;