FREE Star Stars are back on the road to recovery!But that road would be long and a lot of work lay ahead, said Ea Lla Koto general manager Rantsi Mokoena after his side whipped Bidvest Wits 3-1 after extra time in an exciting Telkom Knockout Last 16 clash played at Goble Park on Saturday.It was their first win in all competitions this season.Mokoena lavished praise on new coach Giovanni Solinas, who replaced unpopular French coach Denis Lavagne last month.Said Mokoena; &ldquo;Solinas is a quiet man who commands the respect of the players. The difference between now and at the start of the season is chalk and cheese. He has really made a massive impact after a disastrous start to the season (under Lavagne). It was Solinas who promoted Man of the Match Nyiko Mobbie from the club&rsquo;s reserve team that plays in the MultiChoice Diski Challenge. &ldquo;He has brought back the confidence but now we must kick on from here and pick up our first league win.&rdquo;Mobbi set up Moeketsi Sekola for the first goal and topped off a great afternoon by netting the second. Danny Venter added a third while Daine Klate scored a late consolation goal for the Students.Said Mokoena:&rdquo; We&rsquo;ve still a long way to go and are not getting carried away with this result. It was a great win over a top class team in Wits. But we&rsquo;re still a work in progress.&rdquo;Stars will be looking for that first win when they play Highlands Park in their next Absa Premiership fixture in Tembisa on Sunday. They will be up against their former coach Gordon Igesund, who took charge of Highlands last week.Stars have three draws and three losses from six league matches played to date.Solinas said he was happy with his side&rsquo;s performance and stressed that they needed to continue to work hard. He agreed with Mokoena that &ldquo;there is still a long road ahead.&rdquo;Ea Lla Koto are something of a hoodoo side to the Clever Boys head coach Gavin Hunt. Said Mokoena: &ldquo;I can understand Gavin&rsquo;s frustration as he always struggles against Stars. Even when he was in charge of SuperSport United he battled to beat us.&rdquo;Wits apparently suffered a hangover after beating Mamelodi Sundowns 3-0 in the recent MTN8 final and have now been brought came back to earth. Hunt said afterwards: &ldquo;We should have been four or five goals ahead at half-time but wasted chances. Credit to Stars, who got stuck in and fought for their win. I have a couple of big-time Charlies in my side that I need to sort out &ndash; and I will.&rdquo;