EVIDENCE that came to light last week has exposed the prosecution of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan as being a &ldquo;political hit&rdquo;.According to Daily Maverick, the evidence emerged last week during an application to have the charges against Gordhan and two others dropped. The application was brought by the Helen Suzman Foundation and Freedom Under Law. Earlier this month criminal charges were laid against Gordhan and two others relating to his approval of Sars&rsquo; Acting Commissioner, Ivan Pillay&rsquo;s request for early retirement. The request was forwarded to Gordhan by former Sars commissioner Oupa Magashula.The approval was granted in 2010. As a result of going on early retirement, Sars had to pay about R1,2 million as a &ldquo;penalty&rdquo; towards Pillay&rsquo;s pension fund. Pillay was then rehired on contract. The NPA has alleged that this was done unlawfully. They have charged Gordhan, Pillay and Magashula with fraud.The important new evidence revealed this week is a two-page summary of the legal requirements regarding Pillay&rsquo;s early retirement. The summary, written in 2009, was provided by Sars&rsquo; deputy director of law administration, Vlok Symington.This summary is hard proof that Gordhan had acted in good faith according to an informed legal opinion when he agreed to Pillay&rsquo;s early retirement. It totally destroys the NPA&rsquo;s case against them, and suggests that the charges had sinister motivations.Daily Maverick also reports on a crazy incident that took place on Tuesday, 18 October at Sars&rsquo; offices. Representatives of the Hawks allegedly tried to force Symington to write an affidavit explaining the circumstances in which he provided the legal advice to Gordhan on Pillay&rsquo;s retirement.When he refused, he was allegedly held hostage in Sars&rsquo; boardroom and some documents were snatched from him. Symington called the cops and recorded the calls as evidence. He has since laid a case of kidnapping, intimidation, assault, robbery and theft.The case against Gordhan, Pillay and Oupa Magashula is due to begin on 2 November.