BLOEMFONTEIN Celtic coach Serame Letsoaka will need to change his approach to games if they are to finish the current Absa Premiership season in the top eight.Phunya Sele Sele did not play like a side desperate for maximum points when they deliberately held Chippa United to a goalless draw in a league game played in Port Elizabeth on Tuesday. Letsoaka admitted to having applied defensive tactics. Celtic have won only one league game in five outings this season, a 1-0 victory over Platinum Stars a fortnight ago. They are in 11th spot in the standings with five points from the same number of matches.Said Letsoaka: &ldquo;I think in the first half we did what we had to do under the circumstances. We tried to defend deep to create space behind them. We had half chances, but in the second half we created better scoring opportunities.&rdquo;Celtic players will need to pull up their socks when they host high-flying Bidvest Wits in their next league clash at Dr Molemela Stadium on Saturday (8.15pm).Added Letsoaka: &ldquo;When you are playing a team like Chippa, who rely on combination play, then you have to defend the way we did. I think the boys did well in executing the plan and we hope to improve in our next game.&rdquo;However, Chippa coach Dan Malesela was not impressed that Letsoaka&rsquo;s side used time-wasting tactics. He was fuming after Celtic keeper Patrick Tignyemb faked an injury to wind down the clock in the second half.Malesela has made a habit of complaining lately and blaming everyone but himself, having lashed out at the weekend too.He expressed his unhappiness after a similar incident last Friday when Highlands Park beat them 2-0 in the Telkom Knockout first round. The outspoken mentor wasn&rsquo;t happy that Highlands keeper Tapuwa Kapini wasted time. The Chilli Boys now occupy sixth spot in the league table with eight points from five matches. Said Malesela: &ldquo;I am disappointed that we&rsquo;re again seeing the same shenanigans we saw last week, keepers going down every time. When are people going to see some football being played?&ldquo;Is it tactics that people must watch players sitting on the ground? &ldquo;No, it&rsquo;s wrong and it must be corrected. Coaches must stop doing this because people want to watch football.&rdquo;However, Malesela also blamed his charges for their failure to convert the chances they created. He hopes they will have resolved their scoring problem when they meet Stars at the same venue tomorrow (8pm).He said: &ldquo;We didn&rsquo;t score to get the result. You can&rsquo;t always blame others. We&rsquo;ve got to try and get something out of games. I hope this doesn&rsquo;t continue &ndash; it&rsquo;s dull.&rdquo;Tignyemb revealed that winding down the clock was part of their game plan.He said: &ldquo;I had many injuries but sometimes you have to kill time. It&rsquo;s very important when you are playing away. &ldquo;You have to manage every minute, especially when you play a good team like Chippa, to ensure you get something.&rdquo;