WHO IS the new Bafana Bafana striker Lars Veldwijk? Bafana coach Ephraim &ldquo;Shakes&rdquo; Mashaba took a bold gamble when he handed unknown Veldwijk his first international call-up against Senegal. The 25-year-old forward plays for KV Kortrijk in the Belgium Premiership. Mashaba named a 25-man squad for the upcoming Russia 2018 World Cup qualifier against Senegal at Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane on 12 November. Bidvest Wits star Daine Klate, who has 13 international caps under his belt, also returns. Veldwijk scored 14 goals in 36 games for PEC Zwolle in the Netherlands last season and is a promising player. He is tall and poses a serious aerial threat. Mashaba was forced to search far afield as a result of the goal drought Bafana have suffered. The coach is impressed with his latest discovery in Veldwijk: &ldquo;We were monitoring him when he was still with Nottingham Forest in the English Championship. He is a good striker, a big boy, busy in the box. &ldquo;He can hold and score as well. We decided to bring him into the squad. He definitely has quality.&rdquo; Klate, who led the Clever Boys to the MTN8 title last month, has been overlooked by previous Bafana coaches. For a player with a glittering club career, who is the most decorated in South African football with five Premiership winners&rsquo; medals, he has played very few international matches. Mashaba believes Klate has a major role to play for Bafana: &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t get much delivery from the left side and we have seen at Wits what Klate can do. That&rsquo;s an area where he excels.&rdquo; Bafana have been drawn in group D for the Russia qualifiers, with Senegal, Burkina Faso and Cape Verde island. Senegal, 2002 World Cup quarterfinalists, top the group standings with three points after one match, while Bafana and Burkina Faso are tied on one point each and Cape Verde are at the bottom of the table with no points. Bafana and the Lions of Teranga have clashed seven times, with SA winning once, losing twice and drawing four times.