WHAT is this International Criminal Court &ndash; and why does it matter to you? Read on to find out.When and where was it set up?The ICC began functioning in 2002 and issued its first arrest warrants in 2005. It is based in The Hague, a city in western Netherlands in Europe.Why was it set up?Countries around the world had for decades been talking about how to make people who commit serious crimes against humanity accountable for their actions. By signing up to this international law and accepting it as their own, countries would then have a way of bringing cruel and oppressive rulers to justice. They only do this when their own justice system is unable to do so.What crimes does the court prosecute?The ICC prosecutes three types of crime:- Genocide. This is the mass killing of people, often of one ethnic group or tribe.- Crimes against humanity. These are doing cruel and oppressive things to large amounts of people. These acts include crimes like mass murder, enslavement or torture.- War crimes. These are acts committed during war that break the accepted rules and custom of war, like killing large groups of civilians, using cruel weapons like chemicals, or unacceptable forms of torture. What does it mean if a country signs up to the ICC?There are currently 124 states signed up to the ICC. Once a country ratifies (approves) its treaty with the ICC, the laws of the ICC become part of that country&rsquo;s law. The country is then supposed to act in line with those laws.That is why Sudanese president Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was supposed to be arrested when he visited South Africa. The ICC has a warrant of arrest out for him for genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity carried out in Darfur.What are the criticisms of the ICC?As the example of al-Bashir shows, one of the problems with the ICC is that it&rsquo;s totally dependent on its member countries to voluntarily follow its laws. It has no army or police force of its own and no way of enforcing its laws or punishing countries that break them. This leads critics to conclude it is a powerless organisation.A second criticism of the ICC is widely shared by African states. They accuse the ICC of being anti-African and of having a Western agenda in the cases it brings. Their evidence for this is the fact that, of the ten cases currently being pursued, only one (Georgia) is not an African state. They also point out that those in rich western states like America and Britain responsible for carrying out alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in countries like Iraq and Afghanistan have not been charged.One reason for Americans not being pursued is that it refuses to ratify the ICC treaty.Britain, however, is a member country. None of its former leaders, such as Tony Blair, have been held accountable for serious cruelty carried out under their command.Why is South Africa withdrawing its membership?One of the reasons the Department of International Relations and Co-operation gives is that the ICC laws are an obstacle to building peaceful relations with other countries. For example, al-Bashir should have been arrested in South Africa when he visited according to ICC law. His visit, though, could have been an opportunity for government leaders to discuss how to build peace in Sudan. If al-Bashir couldn't come to Mzansi without the threat of arrest hanging over him, where else would there be an opportunity for talks about peace? What will the possible results be if South Africa does withdraw its membership?The ICC is linked to bodies like the Security Council of the UN. By withdrawing from the ICC, other related international bodies like the World Bank and the IMF may interpret this as South Africa refusing to uphold important international principles of protecting human rights and the rule of law.This may result in international organisations withdrawing their support for South Africa. Our economy may suffer as a result.