THE SOWETO Marathon Trust is pulling out all the stops to make sure this year&rsquo;s Old Mutual Soweto Marathon is a success. The famous township marathon will take place on 6 November, with the starter&rsquo;s pistol going off at 6am at FNB Stadium, Nasrec. Last year the 42,2km event was hit by a serious water shortage, which saw community members supplying much-needed water with hosepipes and buckets to keep runners hydrated. Organisers have moved swiftly to resolve the issue, promising to provide a million water sachets for athletes to cool off this year. This year&rsquo;s route was revealed to the media yesterday and indications are athletes will find it tough. The biggest test will be on their return via Riverlea, where the scenic route will become challenging after the 38km mark, passing under the Orlando bridge. For those preferring to run shorter distances or wary of the testing route, there is a 21,1km half marathon or 10km race. Athletics SA board member and road running chairman James Moloi, who doubles as Central Gauteng Athletics president, has called on local athletes to take on the formidable Ethiopians and Kenyan runners on race day. Comrades Marathon champion Charne Bosman, who won the race in 2003, is the favourite South African to win the women&rsquo;s race. Soweto born star Lebo Phalula confirmed that she would also be trying her luck in front of her supporters, while former Gauteng Marathon champion Mapaseka Makhanya is another top runner competing in the women&rsquo;s race. Moloi said: &ldquo;The route looks good and I&rsquo;m hoping our local athletes will rise to the occasion. I know it will not be easy with all the Kenyan and Ethiopian athletes competing, but SA athletics is growing and our athletes are growing in confidence too.&rdquo; It&rsquo;s Bosman&rsquo;s birthday on the day of the race and she would like to put the cherry on top of her special day by bagging the winner&rsquo;s medal and completing the rare double of Comrades and Soweto glory in the same year. The athlete said: &ldquo;It&rsquo;s just two weeks to go and I will give it all I&rsquo;ve got to win and to make sure the title stays in Mzansi. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m ready and confident that I can do this.&rdquo;