CHRISTOPHER Panayiotou&rsquo;s lawyer has accused police officers of depriving his co-accused of their rights. Advocate Terry Price was cross-examining Eastern Cape head of detectives Brigadier Gary McLaren during Panayiotou&rsquo;s murder trial in the Port Elizabeth High Court yesterday. The brigadier was responsible for putting together a task team to investigate the murder of Panayiotou&rsquo;s wife, Jayde. McLaren is said to be the one who gave instructions that Luthando Siyoni be taken to Fort Beaufort to give a confession.The state claims Panayiotou paid Siyoni to hire hitman Sizwe Vumazonke, Sinethemba Nenembe and Zolani Sibeko to kidnap and murder his wife Jayde last April. Vumazonke has since died.Price asked McLaren whether he was aware of Vumazonke&rsquo;s assault allegations.McLaren replied: &ldquo;He said it happened when he was being taken out of the vehicle during the arrest. &ldquo;He also claimed we didn&rsquo;t offer him any medical assistance following his injury.&rdquo;Price asked him why the information was not recorded.&ldquo;Vumazonke told the magistrate he was assaulted. &ldquo;I consulted with his former attorney Anne Swanepoel and she said he struggled to talk due to a jaw injury,&rdquo; said Price.&ldquo;As far as I know, he had an eye injury,&rdquo; said McLaren.Price then went on to show the court a document written by a warrant officer stating that Vumazonke was not to be allowed any visitors and was to be kept in a single cell. He went on to claim Siyoni was also assaulted before giving his statement and was held unlawfully in Fort Beaufort.&ldquo;Are you aware that Siyoni, prior to going to Fort Beaufort, had told officer Greef and Swanepoel that he had been assaulted? &ldquo;And why couldn&rsquo;t Siyoni make a statement at places closer like Despatch, Humansdorp, Port Alfred or Grahamstown which are about 130km away from Port Elizabeth and not Fort Beaufort which is 210km away,&rdquo; he asked. McLaren said the reason was to move him out of the Metro. &ldquo;Detaining him at one of the nearby stations would not have served the purpose as the news of his arrest would have leaked out,&rdquo; said McLaren.