JULIUS MALEMA&rsquo;S party is planning to shut down the country to force Zuma out of power . . . and he wants all Mzansi to join in.&nbsp; He believes the masses should develop a programme to reject the Gupta capture of Zuma and state institutions.&nbsp; STOP TWEETING AND TAKE TO THE STREETS, HE SAID.&nbsp; &ldquo;This is no longer the time to listen to the ANC because it is no longer relevant,&rdquo; said Malema, speaking at a media conference at the EFF headquarters in Braamfontein, Joburg. Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan is appearing in court on Wednesday, 2 November on charges of fraud and Malema declared this as the day all South Africans should come together to protect the country. He said they had already applied for and been granted permission to protest outside court. &ldquo;The Gupta family has captured the South African government through its total control of the president and key state owned companies,&rdquo; he said. He added that Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan was being targeted because his ministry has also presented Madonsela&rsquo;s probe with damning evidence of money laundering. Only hours after Malema stated that Public Protector Thuli Madonsela&rsquo;s draft report into state capture by the Guptas would be damning, Zuma moved to interdict the report. &ldquo;The Guptas and Jacob Zuma have realised the public protector will expose their dodgy dealings and as part of their fight back plan, they are using the NPA to charge the minister and force him into resignation, or reshuffle him with the aim of capturing the National Treasury,&rdquo; he said. He urged Gordhan not to resign and said if he did, all the ANC ministers who preach morality should resign in solidarity. Malema warned that Madonsela was going to be hard hitting in her draft report into state capture. He claimed the report was going to expose how the Guptas, with the help of Zuma, had moved billions out of the country. Malema said they have already applied for and have been granted permission to protest outside court when Gordhan appears on 2 November. The protest action will form part of the broader campaign on the day: - They will demand free quality higher education from 2017. - Zuma must immediately step down as president and head of state.&nbsp; - The Guptas must be disconnected from all state contracts and immediately leave the country. - National Prosecuting Authority head Shaun Abrahams must step down immediately. - Malema warned that if Zuma and the Guptas were allowed to continue running the state, there would be nothing left. - Zuma, who is on state visit to Kenya, approached the court with an urgent application for an interdict. Madonsela was scheduled to release the draft report today despite Zuma&rsquo;s efforts to stall it by demanding to interview witnesses before answering questions. Zuma&rsquo;s spokesman, Dr Bongani Ngqulunga, confirmed to Daily Sun: &ldquo;I can confirm that the president has applied for an urgent court interdict.&rdquo; The interdict application is due to be heard on Tuesday &ndash; by which time Thuli Madonsela will no longer be the Public Protector. Madonsela&rsquo;s spokesman, Oupa Segalwe, said she was consulting her legal team on the way forward in light of the interdict. Malema earlier told journalists that he had also presented Madonsela with evidence of state capture and Zuma&rsquo;s corrupt dealings with the Guptas.&nbsp; Straight after the press conference where Julius Malema pledged support for Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, he was handed a summons by police charging him with contravening the apartheid-era Riotous Assemblies Act.&nbsp;