M Y FRIEND was telling me about the pleasures of faking an orgasm, then telling her husband the same during an argument.This is the same woman and mother of two who brags about sometimes choosing not to cook dinner for her husband and toddler even though she was at home all day.She proudly tells me he infuriates her with his infidelity and low income.&ldquo;This man promised me the stars and the moon and we&rsquo;re poor,&rdquo; she lamented, while shining her Louis Vuitton luggage set.&ldquo;I recently had my tubes tied secretly, and our middle child isn&rsquo;t his,&rdquo; she added nonchalantly, while I wondered how I got into this conversation in the first place, and tried to look busy.I had believed this married couple was in bliss.I see them on Sundays in matching outfits and cars. He calls her endearing terms and they show affection, as if auditioning for a porn movie.This is a woman who posts daily about her blessings on Facebook. If its not the bank&rsquo;s car or home, it&rsquo;s happy press releases and family pictures to help these posers to delude themselves with fake joy.&ldquo;I even keep secret bank accounts as I&rsquo;m not sure when death will part us,&rdquo; she told me while dialling her toy boy. And I was left trying to remember why I ever became friendly with one so devious.I looked into her brown eyes, wondering why she didn&rsquo;t leave him, and if all married couples were this miserable. Is it society which forces folk to stay in bad marriages? I know many of you love being paired off, and divorce will always be frowned upon.Even in 2016 physically abused men are too intimidated to report their wives to cops. I know you love a wedding and the attention that comes with it, but you should avoid marriage &ndash; if you&rsquo;re one of those bitter females hell bent on terrorising those close to you. If you&rsquo;re unhappy &ndash; just leave!Even if your own mum abused you, never let your wife starve her young to get your attention. Leave an abusive wife, even if society shuns you. You and your kids deserve better. You deserve a faithful wife who brings you joy, not STDs. One who will cherish you and not abort your babies. One who won&rsquo;t bankrupt you. Stay away from the woman who needs a husband in name only, and accuses you of cheating.Marriage is meant for mates who love each other, not enemies who fake their life on Facebook!