Defence Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula is still in the dark about criminal charges laid by former member of Parliament Vytjie Mentor against the Guptas. "I don't even know what it is about, why I am captured, who has captured me and why that person would capture me," Mapisa-Nqakula said. Mentor went to the Hawks in May and June with a dossier &ndash; detailing allegations of the existence of a corrupt relationship between the Gupta family and President Jacob Zuma. Mapisa-Nqakula, as well as Lynne Brown and Rob Davies were said to be named in the dossier. &nbsp;According to City Press, Mentor filed two sets of affidavits alleging wrongdoing by Zuma and the three Cabinet ministers.&nbsp; &nbsp; Mapisa-Nqakula says she went to inquire with the Hawks to investigate what the allegations were about but they were not aware of the investigation. "I was told she laid a charge with the Hawks; I went to the Hawks and asked 'Can you help me? I want to know how am I linked to the family,' and the Hawks say they are not aware of the investigation," Mapisa-Nqakula told News24. "I am of the conclusion that the Gupta family, the son of the president [Duduzane Zuma] and some ministers I have named in this statement &ndash; as well as the president to a certain extent &ndash; all have (a) corrupt relationship that gives unfair advantage to the Gupta family and their associates at the expense of the state using state resources and agencies all the way for their own benefit," Mentor was quoted saying in the affidavit. 'Nothing to do with me' Mapisa-Nqakula says she was also awaiting the Public Protector's report on investigations into state capture for clarity. "I am also waiting for the Public Protector report so that I can see if my name is there and in what context I am captured." Part of Mentor's affidavit detailed how the Gupta brothers had approached the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) and secured a loan to establish a company that would partner with aerospace conglomerate Denel. &nbsp;Mapisa-Nqakula says if it was linked to Denel "it has nothing to do with me"."That is the problem, I am minister of defence, I am responsible for Armscor. Denel has absolutely nothing to do with me. I don't even know what happens in Denel, it falls under public enterprises, so it seems if there is a Denel Asia it would be a decision of the board and minister," she said. &nbsp;"The little I know is that they [the Gupta family] don't like me, so I am not sure how they would capture me."Mapisa-Nqakula denied the initial attempt by the Gupta family to land at Waterkloof Airport in 2013, identifying it as a security breach. &nbsp;Mentor refused to comment.