Siwa Mgoboza&rsquo;s Hlubi roots are the source of much of his inspiration for his artworks. &nbsp;With a combination of talent, hard work and the care of his ancestors, this young artist is wasting no time making his name on the international art scene. He spoke to Daily Sun. Where did you grow up?I grew up in South Africa, Peru and Poland. My mother works for the Department of International Relations and Cooperation. She has been posted in several countries as a representative for South Africa so I grew up abroad and only returned to South Africa in 2012 to begin my degree at the Michaelis School of Fine Art at the University of Cape TownWhen did your interest in art begin?From the time I was born! But I probably realised I had potential when kids around me where drawing stick figures and my drawings had depth, the perspective was on point, and the colour was popping! Did you formally study art?I went to Michaelis School of Fine Art at UCT. My knowledge was broadened by the degree. It has truly informed my thought process and production of my work. What are the kinds of messages you want to get out to the world with your artworks?The work is about a world where we accept each other and we live our truest and best lives. I am also trying to offer another narrative and to change that single story the world has heard about Africa for centuries. The work is about a world where we have stopped talking about the &lsquo;other&rsquo; and it&rsquo;s now about &lsquo;another&rsquo;. Even though you are a young artist, you have already got a great international reputation. How did you achieve this?You&rsquo;d be amazed by the amount of work I have receive via instagram and my website. People are responding incredibly well. I want to say hard work, but hard work is a not the only thing it takes.If it was, probably every African artist would be getting the same amount of money as international artists. There is a group of African artists at the moment - some old and some new - who are working to break the single narrative the world has of Africa, and I am one of them. We are very interested in telling our own stories, through our own lenses and for our people, about issues happening around us. The growth of the overseas market for African art is a good indication of the rise in demand for African artists. So how would I say I personally achieved it? I put myself out there and let the ancestors do the work&hellip;&nbsp; In your up-coming exhibition in a Swiss art gallery, you use Seshweshwe cloth. Why?The fabric is very dear to me. I am Hlubi, which is half Xhosa and half Sotho. My people speak Xhosa but practice Sotho traditions -&nbsp; it&rsquo;s a hybrid tribe. Isishweshwe is worn by the Hlubi women and other women from other tribes in South Africa, often by new brides (uMakoti) or elder women.&nbsp; It reminds me of the times my family visited Matatiele and we would have a umghidi (a gathering of sorts). All these young brides, rich or poor, would come dressed&nbsp; head to toe in dresses made for that particular mghidi. &nbsp; I was stunned by how fabulous their drag was. It had a level of drama and sophistication I hadn&rsquo;t even seen on a Parisienne catwalk. My eyes had been starving for that glamour, and to find it in a place that I had been told my whole life was cultureless, primitive and lacked sophistication was the most amazing thing! Designers from across the world still look to Africa for inspiration for their Western consumers. It was in that moment that I realised that in a way my culture had been stolen from me and I wanted to get it back!! &ldquo;Traditional&rdquo; forms of African art have long suffered from being seen as less-than &ldquo;proper&rdquo; art, often being described as crafts instead. Have you had to deal with this kind of prejudice?Very much so, my work is often looked down upon because it is associated with craft. But I think there is a level of sophistication and thought behind it which I&rsquo;ve personally never seen at a market before.I think part of the reason craft work is looked down upon is that it is dismissed as &lsquo;women&rsquo;s work. I think this all comes down to the expectations society has placed on gender and how we, despite being an educated society, are still caught up in the past. I am participating in a show titled &lsquo;Womens Work&rsquo; at the Iziko National Gallery in December which will be exploring such topics.&nbsp; I don&rsquo;t think any labour-intensive, technically exquisite work is &lsquo;crafty&rsquo;! It&rsquo;s borderline psychotic genius and if it is associated with craft or women, I have major respect for the craftsmen, craftswomen and women in general!! What are you busy with now?I just finished work for two shows; a pop up show in Istanbul with NoLab and Lagos Photo Festival in Lagos, they both open this month. I am working with a South African artist, Nobukho Nqaba, and we will be performing at AKAA (Also Known As Africa) with ArtMeetsCamera in Paris in November. At the same time I have my first international solo opening in Switzerland with Semaphore Gallery. I am showing at the Nanjing International Arts Festival in Nanjing, China and in December I will be showing at the Iziko National Gallery in a show called &lsquo;Women&rsquo;s Work&rsquo;.Currently I&rsquo;m working on a high profile commission.The fruits of that labour will be revealed soon! There are other exciting projects I can&rsquo;t speak about yet, but you can keep up with me on instagram @siwatherealboza or on my site siwamgoboza.comYour master plan for your future?To become an internationally acclaimed artist, move somewhere stunning and remote, and live off the land! Any advice for artists struggling to make a living from their work?Find a market, tap into it and then exploit it. The only art you should be in to is the art of hustling. You won&rsquo;t be everyone&rsquo;s cup of tea but that&rsquo;s cool. Keep creating and make the work for yourself before you make it for people.&nbsp; Also, remember you will always be your own best manager. Be strategic and smart, play the game (otherwise you&rsquo;ll be played), have fun, and never stop creating.