FOR MORE than five years the battles raged, both in the courts and on the streets.&nbsp; Who would succeed Vimbeni &ldquo;Uthingo&rdquo; Shembe as the leader of the mighty Nazareth Baptist Church?&nbsp; NOW JUDGE JAPPIE HAS RULED &ndash; VELA IS THE LEADER, MDUDUZI IS THE LOSER.&nbsp; &ldquo;Mduduzi failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that he was nominated as the leader,&rdquo; said Judge Achmat Jappie in the Durban High Court yesterday. Amid tight security at the court, Jappie ruled Vela &ldquo;Imisebeyelanga&rdquo; Shembe of the Thembezinhle Temple was the legitimate leader of the church, nominated by the late leader &ldquo;Uthingo&rdquo; as his successor. Ululations and Zulu dances from the Thembezinhle faction erupted as part of celebration after the judgment, while the eBuhleni faction immediately left the court. Jappie said the evidence before court proved that the signature on the deed of nomination which recommended Vela as the next church leader was authentic. Vela told the media he feels the past leader is vindicated as the judge had told everyone who was nominated by Uthingo.&nbsp; &ldquo;In the name of Uthingo, I thank God and all ancestors of the congregation,&rdquo; he said. Leader of the larger eBuhleni faction, Mduduzi &ldquo;uNyazi&rdquo; Shembe and son of Vimbeni, as well as inkosi Mqoqi Ngcobo were ordered to pay the Thembezinhle faction the costs of the case. Thembezinhle faction spokesman Nkululeko Mthethwa said they were happy the confusion has been cleared. He said they had no exact figure of the costs but it was above R2 million. Jappie granted the eBuhleni faction leave to appeal the decision for review by the Pietermaritzburg High Court.&nbsp; Mthethwa said they believed the appeal would make no difference to the judgment given by Judge Jappie. He said they would wait until the case has been completed. &ldquo;Thereafter, we will expect our costs to be paid and head to our eBuhleni headquarters,&rdquo; he said. Members of the eBuhleni faction quickly vacated the court and disappeared. eBuhleni member Mbuso Manzini (49) said they will have something tangible to say after the appeal.&nbsp; &ldquo;At this point we only recognise Mduduzi as our leader,&rdquo; he said. Thembezinhle member Thokozile Masuku (39) said no words could describe the joy in her heart.&ldquo;Finally, Vela has been proven to be our leader. eBuhleni should accept that and stop fighting,&rdquo; she said. eBuhleni faction spokesman Mhlaliseni Hlatshwayo said they were unhappy with the ruling because of information they can&rsquo;t share at this stage. &ldquo;We are hoping the High Court will rule in our favour. For now, we will continue worshipping under Mduduzi&rsquo;s leadership,&rdquo; he said. Thembezinhle faction spokesman Nkululeko Mthethwa said they held no grudges against members of eBuhleni faction and they would continue to worship under Vela.&nbsp; &ldquo;The eBuhleni congregation will decide on their own whether they stay with us or leave, but we have no problem with them,&rdquo; he said. The Shembe leadership battle between the late inkosi Vimbeni&rsquo;s son, Mduduzi and his uncle Vela began in 2011 after Vimbeni&rsquo;s death. The deed of nomination produced by his lawyer, Zwelabantu Buthelezi, indicated he had nominated Vela as his successor. But on the day of his burial, inkosi Ngcobo announced to the mourners that Vimbeni had verbally nominated Mduduzi as his successor.&nbsp; The confusion resulted in Mduduzi forcefully taking over at eBuhleni, and Vela starting his own faction, now known as Thembezinhle.