WE ALL know that exam time is a very stressful period for both school pupils and varsity students. It may be difficult to think about diet and exercise with all your worries about your subjects, but did you know that your lifestyle choices can affect exam performance? Cheryl Meyer, Kellogg&rsquo;s Breakfasts for Better Days dietitian, told SunEducation that the best way to think smarter was to eat smarter.Making the time for healthy pre-exam foods can give your child the added boost they need for success. By making sure your child has a healthy breakfast, gets enough water and gets enough sleep, you can help boost her or his concentration and alertness, which they&rsquo;ll need to focus on their papers. &ldquo;Breakfast is associated with improved memory and helps children to retain what they learn in the classroom. It is key to maximising exam performance,&rdquo; she said.She shared her top tips to fuel exams the right way: Make time for breakfastAs well as becoming lethargic and irritable, by skipping breakfast your child will miss out on the essential vitamins they need now more than ever. These vital vitamins include B vitamins &ndash; the &ldquo;anti-stress&rdquo; vitamins &ndash; that play an important role in keeping your child&rsquo;s mind calm and helping them think clearly.Stay hydratedAlthough your child may like sugary drinks, they can give huge sugar crashes midway through exams or revision. Try and make sure they avoid a sugar and caffeine binge.Water is still the best choice so pack a water bottle.Snack where possibleFruits and vegetables rank high among the best foods for your child&rsquo;s brain. Aim to feed them fresh produce in a range of colours every day. Choose your food wiselyWhile there is much to be said about the importance of breakfast, a quick cold drink and sweets don&rsquo;t cut it. Over and above making sure your child has time for food, consider their choices carefully. Sleep wellGetting enough sleep is better than late night cramming. The night before the exam, they should stop studying early and get their clothes and bag ready for the morning.