THE ANC has welcomed the NPA&rsquo;s decision to drop fraud charges against Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan. After the news broke yesterday, the party said in a statement that it had always believed in Gordhan&rsquo;s innocence. Freedom Under Law and the Helen Suzman Foundation also expressed happiness after it emerged that criminal charges against Gordhan, former Sars deputy commissioner Ivan Pillay and former commissioner Oupa Magashula were to be dropped. However, the NGOs said they were disappointed to note that NPA head Shaun Abrahams and the Hawks didn&rsquo;t seem to understand how much damage they had done. &ldquo;While the harm to the reputations and personal dignity of three honourable men speaks for itself, the damage to our country, its financial standing and its international image is literally incalculable,&rdquo; they said. Abrahams announced his decision to retract the summons against the three two days before they were due to appear in court.Abrahams said the decision was made following representations by Magashula and Pillay. DA leader Mmusi Maimane said the decision showed his party was right when it said the charges were made for political purposes. &ldquo;Following a lack of evidence and huge public outcry, Abrahams has been forced to make an embarrassing about turn, leaving him with egg on his face.&rdquo; At a press briefing in Tshwane yesterday, Abrahams was clear on where he stood, saying: &ldquo;I won&rsquo;t apologise to anyone!&rdquo;He said it would have been hard to obtain a conviction without criminal intent on the part of the minister, which was why the charges were dropped. He said he felt it was unfair of the public only to be concerned about the minister and not the other two accused.He also said the economy did not depend on one person. Gordhan was due to appear in court tomorrow to face fraud charges relating to his decision to allow Pillay to retire early and be re-hired as a consultant, costing the tax agency R1,1 million. The EFF said yesterday that it had written a letter to the General Council of the Bar as it seeks to remove Abrahams from the roll of advocates.