When it comes to your body, the scale and mirror only tell one part of the story! We all have that one skinny friend who can eat anything and not gain weight. Similarly, we also know of someone who weighs more than everyone else but is in great shape.One of the biggest stereotypes in society is that being skinny means you&rsquo;re happier, prettier and healthier than everyone else.Much as it is common knowledge that the bigger you become the more at risk you are of suffering from health-related issues like heart attacks and diabetes, there&rsquo;s a health risk in having that enviable skinny frame.You can be skinny and also be at risk of getting these health diseases. And sometimes with even more severe consequences.Here are FIVE reasons why being skinny doesn&rsquo;t equal healthy: 1. You could be skinny fat Yes, there&rsquo;s such a thing! You might look great in clothes or in a bikini and have a normal BMI (Body Mass Index) but if you don&rsquo;t have enough muscles underneath you may have high body fat and inflammation. According to the Journal of the American Medical Association, skinny fat and getting diagnosed with diabetes, you run twice the risk of dying than if you&rsquo;re overweight &ldquo;metabolically obese&rdquo;.2. Being thin won&rsquo;t make you happy For the past few years the joy of my life was robbed by the need to be thin. I accepted comments like: &ldquo;You would look even prettier if you were thinner&rdquo; as compliments, but didn&rsquo;t realise I was being body shamed.It&rsquo;s only now that I&rsquo;ve started to accept my body and my curves. I always used to think that I&rsquo;d be happier and more beautiful if I was skinny.But I realised that my happiness had nothing to do with the size of my jeans and I mean, you can be happy and overweight and be thin and sick so why jeopardise your health for being skinny?3. You could be super thin Being too thin comes with health risks such as Osteopenia/Osteoporosis and Infertility.According to Oz Garcia Ph.D, being too skinny makes a lot of people think that they are immune to health issues and that causes them to live an unhealthy lifestyle and end up being diagnosed with serious health issues.Just because you&rsquo;ve never needed to cut down on refined sugar in an attempt to lose weight doesn&rsquo;t mean you are immune to the dangers of consuming too much of it.4. Health comes in all shapes and sizes I can&rsquo;t stress this enough: being healthy shouldn&rsquo;t be defined by one standard look and we&rsquo;re all born with different body shapes. Some of us have curves that don&rsquo;t disappear no matter how skinny we become, so it&rsquo;s important to embrace your body type. 5. Health is balance In order to be healthy you need to find balance in your life. Your sleep, work, family time, exercise, diet and stress should all be balanced. Everything in moderation &ndash; that&rsquo;s a good motto to follow when it comes to living a healthy life &ndash; and that includes the attitude you take to your own shape and size! &nbsp;