COME rain or shine &ndash; Kaizer Chiefs players were evidently well drilled in pre-season to handle any conditions, beating Maritzburg United 4-2 on penalties in the Telkom Knockout first round on Saturday. It was a rainy evening at the FNB Stadium on Saturday, with a number of disruptions during the game, including a heavy downpour followed by a 30-minute match abandonment due to a power blackout.Neither team were able to find the back of the net in 90 minutes of regular time or added extra time. Only the gamble of penalties could produce a winner to advance to the quarterfinal of the R4,25 million cup competition.Both sets of players were tested mentally and physically but it was Amakhosi who ultimately came out tops.Chiefs coach Steve Komphela explained that the changes made to the technical team in the off-season had contributed to the win. He praised the physical trainers at Naturena for making sure the players were fit and strong. Komphela, who coached the Team of Choice before his big move to the Soweto giants, was happy to advance to the last eight in spite of not necessarily being the best team on the night. Amakhosi did not play the fluent football they are known for but got the job done. They are going into their Absa Premiership derby Soweto derby against Orlando Pirates at the same venue on Saturday high in confidence, having won five games in a row in all competitions. Komphela said: &ldquo;What we did well was keep our fifth clean sheet, which is good for us. But we didn&rsquo;t have the rhythm that we always have.&ldquo;The changes we made to the team made a collective contribution to our readiness, both tactically and physically.&ldquo;Our team physically is quite strong. I have seen games where we were able to go on with high intensity, while the opponents could not cope. Some would be cramping and all that, and our boys would still be standing. &ldquo;And this was not an easy match to play &ndash; the conditions, the stop-starts, 120 minutes of action &ndash; but we still came through. For me it&rsquo;s a plus for the people who had come to help and even the players who came in. They have come to understand the responsibility.&rdquo;