THE old approach to a career is dead. People no longer feel the need to work for one company, or even in one industry, from the start to the end of their working lives. In the past, people went to school and perhaps to college or university before looking for work in their chosen field. But people no longer do just one thing in one place their entire lives. Instead, they move through a number of different jobs over time. Much of this change is because new jobs are constantly being created as new industries emerge.Here are a few tips for finding your way in the modern world of work:Be proactiveWithout clear-cut career paths, it has become more important than ever to take our careers into our own hands. Whether learning new skills or volunteering for new challenges, it is up to job seekers to ensure that they stand out from the crowd. You need to constantly be on the lookout for ways to apply your skills in the job market. You need to think creatively and take responsibility for your own career development.Be flexibleSome things never change, and one of those things is working your way up. The perfect job isn&rsquo;t going to land in your lap &ndash; you&rsquo;ll need to work for it. Employees are also more willing to leave their jobs for something else, whether that be a new job or even a new industry. Don&rsquo;t be scared to try something new, learn a new skill or even change career paths entirely.Commit to life-long learningEmployees shouldn&rsquo;t wait until they lose their job, or are looking for a better one, to gain new skills or training. Learning and skills development is a life-long endeavour, and can be pursued while working. One of the easiest ways to do this is through an online course; it can help you break into a new industry, or move up in your existing field. Gaining an extra qualification shows a commitment to self-improvement, and helps to identify you as someone with initiative. Be able to bounce backHaving the right attitude is key to career success, and you are bound to experience setbacks that will test your positivity. There are not enough jobs out there for the number of active job seekers. Be aware that you might have to search for a job for months, or work for free until you find a permanent position. Being able to bounce back from disappointment will enable you to grab the next opportunity that comes your way.Know your strengths &ndash; and shout about themPromoting yourself has become a norm in the modern workplace, and it is essential to know what you love to do, and how this can translate into a career. More people are recognising that the best job for them is the one that suits their passions, talents and interests. Job fulfilment is less about money and more about seeking meaning in work. If you&rsquo;re unsure about what career path is best for you, take a career assessment like Educate24&rsquo;s Profiler. It will tell you which careers suit your interests and preferences.