CHIPPA United are playing catch-up this week with a tough seven days ahead, where they will play three crunch Absa Premiership matches.The Chilli Boys kick off their testing week with a clash against Bloemfontein Celtic at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth tonight (7.30pm).On Friday they host Platinum Stars at the same venue and next Tuesday 1 November face a daunting trip to Milpark, where they face MTN8 champions Bidvest Wits.Said the Chilli Boys head coach Dan &ldquo;Dance&rdquo; Malesela: &ldquo;We have to catch up on our backlog of fixtures. It will be a testing week, no doubt, but the good thing is the first two matches are at home.&rdquo;While most teams have played six league games Chippa have played only four, winning two and drawing one. They are in seventh position with seven points &ndash; six points behind leaders Kaizer Chiefs and Golden Arrows.The former Orlando Pirates defender is looking for more aggression in front of goal. He was disappointed following their exit from the Telkom Knockout at the first hurdle last weekend. They lost 2-0 away to Highlands Park, who had new head coach Gordon Igesund in charge for the first time.Said Malesela: &ldquo; We can&rsquo;t dwell on that defeat, it was one of those things. We need to focus on scoring more goals. I&rsquo;m looking for between seven and nine points from the next three games to keep us in touch with the leaders, so we need to see more aggression in front of goal during these three upcoming fixtures.&rdquo;Malesela said he was wary of Celtic, who also lost their opening Knockout match, going down 2-0 away to Cape Town City last week.Said Malesela: &ldquo;Teams like Celtic are always dangerous and we have to be careful against them. We aim to bounce back after losing to Highlands, but they will be feeling the same after their TKO loss.&rdquo;Celtic earned their first league win by beating Platinum Stars 1-0 away recently and, like Chippa, have played only four matches. But they only have four points and are desperate to turn the corner.Malesela has won a lot of friends with his fresh attacking approach and says it is not just strikers who must score goals. He will be looking to defender Marc van Heerden at set-pieces, while depending on midfielder Andile Mbenyane and Thami Sangweni to keep the Punya Sele Sele defenders busy.Said Malesela: &ldquo;All players can score, we don&rsquo;t depend on strikers alone for goals. Players in every department can score.&rdquo;