WHEN former TV news reader Jeff Moloi walked onto the stage to start the show, the audience thought he was just going to do the opening prayer. They were shocked to discover that he was actually the host of the night for a body- building competition.Dressed in a black native top, Jeff was booed from time to time by members of the audience.But the show continued, as contestants from as far as Cape Town and Mpumalanga had come to Walter Sisulu University&rsquo;s Mthatha Campus to participate in the event on Saturday night. Among the guests were Mayor Nomakhosazana Meth of OR Tambo District Municipality and MEC Pemmy Majodina of sports, recreation, arts and culture. The event was organised by the International Federation of Body-builders in partnership with Body-building South Africa. According to Khaya Majeke, the vice-president of Body- building South Africa, the event was aimed at motivating other people to get into shape and eat healthily.&ldquo;Body-building is for everybody. Having Moloi as the host was not wrong as it was about fun, education and inspiration.&ldquo;It was not a case of fitting in.&rdquo; Audience member Cwenga Khetha (32) said that Jeff was out of place, &ldquo;like a huge pig among chickens&rdquo;.&ldquo;A woman in a bikini or a man with a six pack would have been a better host for the show. Moloi would have been perfect for an opening prayer and scripture reading, not as the host.&rdquo; Moloi, however, did not allow the criticism to put him down and he continued with the show. He told the SunTeam afterwards that he believes a &ldquo;mkhaba&rdquo; is acceptable on a Xhosa man as it resembles wealth and success. He said he will soon be a regular at the gym.&ldquo;I am actually inspired to go shed a few kilos at the gym and tone my muscles a bit.&rdquo; The overall winner of the competition, Michael Adonis from Cape Town, won R50 000 and he will represent Mzansi in the UK next month.&ldquo;It is not an easy journey as body-building takes years of hard work, gym and good supplements. I promise to make my country proud in the UK,&rdquo; Adonis said.