AFTER Zamalek denied them a pitch to practise on, Mamelodi Sundowns were finally given something &ndash; a cabbage patch that looks more of a pig sty than a soccer ground. These are some of the difficulties Sundowns encountered upon arrival in Egypt where they will play the second leg of the 2016 CAF Champions League tonight. Sundowns have a healthy 3-0 lead from last week&rsquo;s first leg in Atteridgeville. Kick-off is at 8pm. The seven-time PSL champions have been subjected to mind games by the five-time African champions Zamalek. There were also death threats that were sent to the Downs camp. Zamalek boss also accused the Brazilians of using witchcraft following the 3-0 walloping. But Sundowns remain upbeat and are more likely to have the last laugh when the final whistle is blown tonight.Coach Pitso Mosimane&rsquo;s charges have already recorded three wins over Zamalek in this year&rsquo;s campaign. They defeated the Egyptian giants 2-1 in Cairo, 1-0 in Pretoria in the group stages before their resounding 3-0 victory seven days ago. Here at home politicians, celebrities, prominent sports figures and supporters have sent them messages of support. Sports and Recreation minister Fikile Mbalula also voiced his concerns when the Brazilians were denied the opportunity to train. &ldquo;I have noted with grave concern reports coming from Egypt that Sundowns could not train. We are irked by such behaviour and condemn it in the strongest terms. These actions have made prestigious championships like CAF not to be respected.&rdquo; &ldquo;All football loving people must frown upon such incidents. This culture is foreign in football and should be done away with.&rdquo;The Brazilians will also be buoyed by the fact that five of their players were included in a list of 30 nominees for the CAF annual awards. Khama Billiat, tops the list of Sundowns nominees, which includes Keagan Dolly, Denis Onyango, Hlompho Kekana and Ivorian Yannick Zakri, who joined Sundowns from Asec Mimosas. The illustrious CAF list includes Riyaad Mahrez of Leicester City, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (Borussia Dortmund), Chelsea&rsquo;s John Obi Mikel, Samuel Eto&rsquo;o, and Ghanaian Andrew Ayew and AS Roma striker Mohammed Salah. The winners will be announced on 5 January.The Brazilians players and technical team can look forward bonus money of $1.5million (R21million) prize money for winning the competition. Mbalula has also promised them a reward for a job well done. Zamalek have to score four goals without conceding to prevent the Tshwane giants from being crowned champions for the first time in their history.