A man who allegedly raped his minor daughter and her friend told the Free State High Court in Bloemfontein that he was intoxicated and addicted to porn when he raped the girls in separate incidents. "I started drinking heavily over weekends in 2011 and also became addicted to pornography, which I found on the internet," he said in a statement which was read out in court. The 43-year-old pleaded guilty to charges of rape, child abuse and sexual assault.He was arrested late in 2015 with his wife. On Tuesday, the wife pleaded guilty to charges of child abuse and failure to report a sexual offence committed against a child. She entered into a plea agreement with the State, which included a two-year jail term for each charge. They would run concurrently. Reported to family In his written statement, the man said he had committed acts of sexual penetration with his daughter between April 2014 and July 2015 without her consent. He also admitted that he and his wife had allowed their daughter to consume alcohol when she was 12 years old in 2013. On October 17 2015, the accused allegedly raped his daughter's friend in Maselspoort resort in Bloemfontein. The friend was accompanying the man&rsquo;s family and stayed over for a night. The accused said he gave his daughter and her friend alcohol on that night. &nbsp;"I was also strongly under the influence of alcohol and when everybody was asleep, I went to the chalet where the [friend] was sleeping."She was only wearing a bathing costume and I undressed her, as well as myself, and got into bed with her.&rdquo;He said when he started penetrating her, he felt her body tensing and the teenager immediately jumped out of bed and reported the matter to the man&rsquo;s wife as well as her mother. &nbsp;It was only during investigations that the man's daughter disclosed that she had also been sexually assaulted and raped by her father on various occasions at their home."I admit that my actions were unlawful and that I was aware of this at the time of commitment of the offences... I have deep remorse and are extremely embarrassed about my actions," he said. &nbsp;The State requested the minor&rsquo;s testimony to be held in camera to protect her identity.