GOLDEN Arrows goalkeeper Maximilian Mbaeva is convinced Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende will draw first blood against their KwaZulu-Natal opponents Maritzburg United this season in their KZN derby tonight.The two warring KZN sides have an Absa Premiership date at the Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg at 8pm.Abafana Bes&rsquo;thende&rsquo;s starting line-up could be bolstered by the presence of Kagisho &ldquo;KG&rdquo; Dikgacoi, who has joined Mato Madlala&rsquo;s club on a six-month contract.And Mbaeva reckons the inclusion of the ex-Cardiff City midfielder will help them romp home victorious against Maritzburg.The last time the two KZN sides met at the stadium matters nearly came to blows between Maritzburg coach Ernst Middendorp and Arrows assistant Mandla Ncikazi, who got caught on camera shoving each other on the touchline.Mbaeva regards Dikgacoi as a great player: &ldquo;His experience is priceless, we are happy he is here. He&rsquo;s always willing to help youngsters. His inclusion will aid us.&rdquo;Last season United were the better team of the two in their encounters, bagging four points in two derbies. But Mbaeva thinks things will be different this season, although he admits playing the Team of Choice while they are struggling is always tough. He added: &ldquo;Last season they were a tough nut to crack. We drew our first game with them and lost the second. Both times we played they were struggling and fighting for survival at the time. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s the same this season. Even though they are not fighting for survival, things have been difficult for them. They are struggling and that means they will be tough. But we are prepared, we know what we need to do. &ldquo;I can assure our fans that this time we will be returning with all three points.&rdquo; The Namibian shot-stopper has been wearing the captain&rsquo;s armband in the absence of Trevor Mathiane this season, who has yet to play a match in 2016-17. He said he would be happy to return the armband to Mathiane should he make the squad. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s been working hard behind the scenes. It&rsquo;s just a matter of time before he makes the team,&rdquo; said Mbaeva. Arrows will be without injured Lerato Lamola and Lehlohonolo Nonyane.