ORLANDO Pirates head coach Muhsin Ertugral says his side must start playing as a team and not as a bunch of individuals.Ertugral&rsquo;s charges have been scraping through by the skin of their teeth this season and the Turkish born coach admits they are not playing well.Said Ertugral: &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve been in the game too long to feel pressure. But what we need to start doing is to play as a team and not as individuals. That will see our performances improve.&rdquo;He realises he needs to get results and get Bucs playing like potential Absa Premiership champions.Bucs face a tough test in their Telkom Knockout clash against early pacesetters Golden Arrows at Orlando Stadium on Sunday and six days later meet in-form Kaizer Chiefs in the first Premiership derby of the season at what will be a packed FNB Stadium on 29 October.But while Pirates strikers, midfielders and defenders are failing to gel, there is one ray of hope for Ertugral and Bucs fans in the form of the return of their talisman, captain and influential midfield general, Oupa Manyisa.Manyisa was out for most of last season after he got injured in the match against Polokwane City on 22 September, fracturing his ankle.He returned to action at the start of the season but Ertugral cautioned: &ldquo;Oupa is one of the most valuable players we have at Pirates. In fact, he is one of the best players I have had the pleasure to work with. But we need to be careful with him.&ldquo;He needs to get his fitness back &ndash; and it will be a balancing act. His fitness and self-confidence will come from playing regularly. So there is no point in him sitting on the bench or in the stands, as that will not be effective.&ldquo;Manyisa impressed me with the way he has worked at training. He is really putting in extra effort. But it will take a little more time before we see him at his best. &ldquo;Still, his form will return and that is why I played him for the entire 90 minutes against Polokwane City last Sunday. It is only by playing that he will recover his match fitness and confidence,&rdquo; Ertugral stressed.Meanwhile, the coach has a major headache in attack as his leading scorer, Tendai Ndoro, who bagged his sixth goal of the season with a late equaliser in the 1-1 draw with Rise and Shine, is nursing a knee injury.Also facing late fitness tests are Thabiso Kutumela, Edwin Gyimah, Gladwin Shitolo and Nkosinathi Mthiyane.Said Ertugral: &ldquo;The injuries are mounting, added to the fact that we had nine players away on international duty this month. My defender, Abbubaker Mobara (Bafana Bafana), has been playing non-stop for two years now and has been over-played.&rdquo;